Let s try it .
Let s have a try .
Let s give it a try .
Let s try !
I have to go to sleep .
I have to go to bed .
What are you doing ?
What is this ?
What s this ?
Today is June th and it is Muiriel s birthday !
It s th June today and also Muiriel s birthday !
Happy birthday Muiriel !
Muiriel is now .
Muiriel has turned twenty .
The password is Muiriel .
I will be back soon .
I ll return immediately .
I have no idea .
I don t know .
I m at a loss for words .
This is never going to end .
I just don t know what to say .
That was an evil bunny .
That has been an evil rabbit .
I was in the mountains .
Is it a recent picture ?
I don t know if I have the time .
I don t know whether I have time or not .
For some reason the microphone didn t work earlier .
Everyone must learn on their own in the end .
Education in this world disappoints me .
It is a difficult task choosing what is right or wrong but you have to do it .
That won t change anything .
This will cost .
I make a day .
I may give up soon and just nap instead .
That won t happen .
Don t worry .
I miss you .
I ll call them tomorrow when I come back .
I always liked mysterious characters more .
You should sleep .
I m going to go .
I told them to send me another ticket .
I can t live that kind of life .
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist .
I never liked biology .
It is unfortunately true .
Most people think I m crazy .
No I m not you are !
That s MY line !
He s kicking me !
Are you sure ?
Really ?
Then there is a problem . . .
Oh there s a butterfly !
Hurry up .
If I could be like that . . .
Are you freaking kidding me ? !
When I grow up I want to be a king .
I m so fat .
So what ?
That s because you re a girl .
I d be unhappy but I wouldn t kill myself .
Back in high school I got up at a .m . every morning .
Why do you ask ?
How long did you stay ?
I didn t know where it came from .
This is not important .
It s not important .
Where is the problem ?
What is the problem ?
Stop seeing me as a normal person !
All that which is invented is true .
To be surprised to wonder is to begin to understand .
There s no doubt that the universe is infinite .
There s no doubt the universe is infinite .
To be perfect she lacked just one defect .
And yet the contrary is always true as well .
We don t see things as they are but as we are .
The world is a den of crazies .
This world is just an insane asylum .
My name is Jack .
My name s Jack .
Love is never wasted .
Life is what happens to you while you re busy making other plans .
Not wanting is the same as having .
Merry Christmas !
Rome wasn t built in a day .
Rome was not built in a day .
Which country are you from ?
What country are you from ?
I have seen the film before .
I ve already seen the film .
This room s orientation is great .
This room s location is great .
Do you know who they are ?
You must be kidding !
He can also speak French .
I can speak French .
I received an invitation .
Where do you live ?
Do you remember the day when we first met ?
Does he live here ?
The station is not far from here .
Where is the railroad station ?
It s hailing .
I love you .
I love trips .
I like traveling .
I like to travel .
I am looking forward to the trip .
I live with my parents .
He has no children .
This is my mother .
This is my mom .
Talk to you later .
Damned if I know .
I really don t know .
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true .
I contacted my parents .
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad .
I have run out of my traveling expenses .
I made use of the maps during my journey .
I am short of money for my trip .
He likes traveling and so do I .
He likes to travel . I do too .
What is the date today ?
She s leaving the country in six months .
Few people think so .
I worked all this week .
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon .
That discovery was quite accidental .
While in England I often consulted the guidebook .
My brother will often sit up all night .
You ll have to manufacture some kind of excuse .
Something might have happened to her .
Do you take part in any community activities ?
I found the key for which I had been looking .
She is everything to him .
Answer the phone .
I saw it in the newspaper .
They are peace loving people .
I think what you say is true .
He vowed to give up smoking .
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible .
If possible I d like to travel around the world .
I belong to a tennis club .
I m a member of the tennis club .
I am a member of the tennis club .
Doctor please give this child first aid .
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily .
He regrets not having worked harder at school .
May I pay by check ?
If he were a little younger he would be eligible for the post .
He gave me precise instructions to do the job .
He succumbed to authority .
He submits to authority .
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window .
I had an awful experience today so I m going to have a beer and go straight to bed .
I really like the concept of this website .
Oh I know this man !
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light .
He s sitting in the meeting room .
Ask her when she comes back .
Wait for her to return then ask her .
He spoke very loudly .
We must try to break the deadlock .
In ten years our town will change a lot .
You drink too much coffee .
I have several dozens of them .
I can t imagine what creatures living on another planet are like .
Thermometers often go below zero .
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment .
 Are these your cars ? Yes they are . 
 Are these cars yours ? Yes they are mine . 
My uncle lives near the school .
Let s play soccer .
The contract is in the bag so let s go out and celebrate .
I cannot heal a broken heart .
The cat caught the rats .
Only then did he realize he had been deceived .
His doctor advised him to quit smoking .
My father is busy .
He contrived a means of speaking to Nancy privately .
Keep these seats for the elderly .
I can t take the place of her as an English teacher .
They were carelessly unaware of the danger .
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight .
When she saw that they had no schools she started one .
Thanks for your reply .
He looked for every possible means of escape .
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions .
The medicine worked marvels .
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem .
Go when you want .
You can have a ride on my motorcycle .
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed .
Let s clear up this problem .
Don t forget to put a stamp on your letter .
My business has at last gotten on the right track .
If you need a pen I ll lend you one .
I am going to my room where I can study .
As such is the case I am sorry I can t accept your kind invitation .
It s next to impossible to finish it in a day .
I leave it in your hands what course of action to take .
The teacher gave us homework .
We were watching the child at play .
We watched the children play .
Have you begun studying English ?
They are melons .
We shall all miss you when you go away .
Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience .
I didn t call on him because I had a cold .
The bus will take time .
I was late as a result of the train delay .
He hasn t come yet . He must have missed the bus .
This style of hat is now in fashion .
Everything else is fine .
Can you skate ?
He is likely to win the game .
This is a matter of the utmost importance .
Don t pull my leg !
I can t believe my eyes .
You were considerate not to disturb us .
The incident was etched in his memory .
This book is too difficult for you to read .
I don t want anything to drink .
I don t want to drink anything .
A rock fell from above .
I have a headache .
Bush followed Reagan as president .
Nothing has resulted from his efforts .
The wind is cold today .
You are lying .
God helps those who help themselves .
Compared with yours my car is small .
Compared to yours my car is small .
He is young and what is more handsome .
It is no use arguing with her .
What a pity !
He was happy at the news of her success .
The boys were whispering I knew they were up to something .
I d like to reserve a single room on June .
Please find me my wallet .
She told me an interesting story .
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles .
What time does it start ?
This book is beautifully illustrated .
She is no less kind than her sister is .
As time went on rules were added to the game to make it safer .
He looks every inch a gentleman .
Gold is far heavier than water .
Gold is much heavier than water .
Our task has been easy so far but it will be difficult from now on .
Please help yourself to the cake .
He told me the story of his life .
An accident delayed us for half an hour .
Such secrets are always eventually revealed .
I have nothing to fall back on .
I read the book after I had finished my homework .
This is the book I read after finishing my homework .
Sorry but can you show me the way to the next village ?
She lived at Russell Square .
We had a large audience .
Please write to me about conditions at your school .
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite .
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks .
You were late for work .
The nurse will tell you how to do it .
Don t trust a man whose past you know nothing about .
I m going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister .
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday .
How soon do you need it ?
Honesty is a capital virtue .
Bob reached the finish line first .
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen .
I like both science and math .
Our plan went wrong from the beginning .
She doesn t like the way I speak .
Could you pass me the salt please ?
Don t you think so ?
Tom denied having stolen the money .
I was surprised at the news .
She was always quarreling with her brothers .
Only a few TV programs are worth watching .
I can t understand why you are so critical of him .
Would you like another glass of wine ?
A few minutes later the telephone rang .
The moon is the earth s only satellite .
His sisters as well as he are now living in Tokyo .
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo .
The children washed their feet .
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland .
He s a professor of biology at Harvard .
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter .
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up .
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers .
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park ?
The audience was very large .
Write your name in capital letters .
I don t quite understand what he says .
I don t have a prejudice against foreign workers .
I ll call for you at eight tomorrow morning .
I believed that he would keep his promise .
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond .
He has a lot of books on history .
All the signs are that she is getting better .
Even if they have a good wine menu I will not want to dine here .
The buildings shook in the earthquake .
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die ?
Who will provide capital for the venture ?
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block .
His regime is bound to collapse .
The thief whipped out into the crowd .
I wasn t busy last week .
People are more educated now than they used to be .
I can t bring myself to do such a thing .
Accepting the other s norms is submitting to the other s power .
I ll see to it that you have a raise after the first year .
He is very much interested in Japanese history . We are surprised at his vast knowledge of the subject .
Put away your bicycle .
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday .
A whistle blew and the boat slowly began to pull out of port .
Children should drink milk every day .
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child .
To put it briefly I do not agree .
But he did not often smile .
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum .
We won t go out unless it stops raining .
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was .
Tell me what you did to Shounan .
I ve had enough of this program .
I found him working in the garden .
Picasso is a famous artist .
This is an exception to the rule .
He said that he was hungry .
How many boys are there in this class ?
The news confirmed my suspicions .
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow .
She doesn t have any friends or relatives to take care of her .
Can your mother drive a car ?
Kids these days think that any issue in life can be resolved as easily as restarting a computer game .
We also went to the temple .
I d like to go to London .
You needn t have taken an umbrella with you .
This box is empty . It has nothing in it .
He lived abroad for much of his life .
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day .
This airplane is capable of carrying passengers at a time .
No one ran ahead of him .
If I had one million yen now I would buy a car .
Do you believe in God ?
In a way you are right but I still have doubts .
We gained the top of Mt . Fuji at last .
They ate sandwiches for lunch .
I want the same jacket as you are wearing .
What souvenir do you think she would like most ?
Do whatever you want .
The food looks very delicious .
I don t know when he returned from France .
I have a large family .
Call me at nine tomorrow morning .
Driving a car is really very simple .
There s no point saying Hi how are you ? to me if you have nothing else to say .
The meeting room is occupied at the moment .
She couldn t look me straight in the face .
Sleep is the greatest thief for it steals half one s life .
I am interested in taking pictures .
You can go there in a boat .
Saying is quite different from doing .
He talks as if he knew the secret .
He is not stupid .
He s not stupid .
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another .
They lived a happy life .
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week .
The poet and scholar is dead .
He gave his reasons in brief .
Do you still need tea ?
What do you say we go skiing ?
We took strong measures to prevent it .
He lost his way in the woods .
Don t tell anyone our plan .
Tom hid under the table .
He told us many lessons .
There appears to be a party in that house .
I ll teach you how to drive a car .
I can teach you how to drive .
St Mark s Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer .
We must keep up the family traditions .
He can swim very fast .
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple .
I am tired of my work .
Do you deliver on Sundays ?
I feel like another beer .
He may have lost his way .
He sold me down the river .
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over .
I don t know nor do I care .
She was out of Japan last year .
Last year she left Japan .
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say .
I will put up at my friend s tonight .
I need to buy new spectacle frames .
My brother is holding a camera in his hand .
Let s get off here .
Sit down Kate .
My sister is twenty one years old and a college student .
You ll find it difficult to meet her requirements .
Over my dead body .
I respect elderly people .
I respect the elderly .
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind ?
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month .
Help me .
There s no love without jealousy .
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting .
Let me have a look at those photos .
The toilet doesn t flush properly .
Our children like dogs but I prefer cats .
Our child likes dogs but I prefer cats .
I owe ten dollars to her .
We must take into account the fact that he is young .
I can t find fault with him .
Could you spare me a few minutes ?
We had a short vacation in February .
You are liable for the debt .
She lived up to our expectations .
The parking lot is free of charge .
His parents expect too much of him .
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties .
She put on her hat .
This river is dangerous for children to swim in .
Newspapers magazines and newscasts tell what is going on in the world .
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year .
This is considered to be a matter of great importance .
If you hurry you will catch up with him .
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers .
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days .
Apart from on rainy days I always ride my bike to work .
She forgave the boy for his rudeness .
That patient may die at any time .
A man is responsible for his deeds .
Will you go to the party instead of me ?
She put aside the sewing and stood up .
Here s the change .
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan .
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time .
I usually take a shower in the evening .
It has had no effect on him .
He goes to school to study every day .
Mother prepared lunch for me .
Would you please give me some more tea ?
Some people relax by reading .
We spent happy days there all the summer .
With a firm goal in mind you will do well .
I was bored with his old jokes .
Her eyes gushed with tears .
There are many people in the park .
The charge for a front row seat is dollars .
Which do you like better this or that ?
Which do you prefer this one or that one ?
I used to play alone when I was a child .
Is this the bus to Oxford ?
We are to be married next Sunday .
What do you think of this sweater ?
The clown made a funny face .
She will return home next Sunday that is the tenth .
I sustain my family .
Wait here till he comes back .
You must not run in the school buildings .
We are not short of oil in this country .
The man and his wife helped each other .
That student runs fast doesn t he ?
You are my sunshine .
That music is worth listening to many times .
It made my blood boil to hear that .
Many people work in industrial towns .
Prices are going up .
That gray building ?
The song reminds me of my home .
You should give up smoking and drinking .
Father takes the subway to work .
I ve known Mr Smith for many years .
We punished him according to the rules .
To tell the truth I don t like him .
Truth is I don t like him .
It s not easy to master French at all .
What is my room number ?
Danger past God forgotten .
Printing ink is in short supply .
The old man sat down .
He studied abroad .
I paid two thousand yen for the book .
The movie gained her great popularity .
She showed the visitor her baby .
He will be back soon .
He came in and at the same time the bell rang .
It is said that his father died in a foreign country .
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing .
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July .
Is your school in this town ?
After all she did not come .
Did your uncle let you drive his car ?
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night .
Your proposal is worthy of being considered .
She is now staying at her uncle s house .
You have a way with women .
You re good with women .
I am charged with an important mission .
Fire ! Run !
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood .
We met her by accident .
I wish you a pleasant voyage .
In opening the door I broke the lock .
When was she born ?
My stomach hurts .
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate .
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling but some are not .
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country .
Because I want to be a translator .
Are you going by air or by train ?
Are we allowed to take pictures here ?
He has no sense of right and wrong .
As is evident from the data smoking is not decreasing among the young .
Nara is a very old city .
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain .
She thought the plan was fine but impractical .
We gave the performer a clap .
I m looking for books on Roman history .
I have no friends to help me .
I don t want to wait that long .
His advice is always very sensible .
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family .
This is the village where the poet was born .
Keep the window closed .
Part of his story is true .
He is an American .
He is American .
Mr . and Mrs . Smith live apart from each other now .
We eat butter on bread .
She won t take an airplane for fear of a crash .
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts .
He was invited to be the chairman of the club .
Happy is the man who is contented .
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight .
You work too hard .
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable .
School begins at eight thirty .
School begins at half past eight .
School begins at a .m .
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month .
This is the time he normally arrives .
It s hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow .
I ll give you a prescription .
Don t pry into the affairs of others .
How large is the population of New York City ?
She was sitting under a tree .
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice .
She wants a new dress badly .
The Japanese people have renounced war .
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher .
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter .
The bell rang .
No words can express her deep sorrow .
I m sure you ll love what we have on the menu tonight .
May I ask a few questions ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
He was brought up in Australia .
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago .
He s always worrying about his daughter .
He is poor at chemistry .
The church is at the foot of a mountain .
A stranger spoke to me on the bus .
I feel admiration for his talent .
You could be right I suppose .
The teacher cannot have said such a thing .
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster .
I have a bad headache today .
His income was diminished by half after retirement .
When did she promise to meet him ?
I am amazed at your audacity .
She lets her children have their own way too much .
The young should respect the old .
He isn t going to buy a camera .
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another .
Their journey was delayed because of the train .
She has been to Paris .
I see a flower on the desk .
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump .
You ll have to start at once .
Let s stop at the next gas station .
What did you make ?
Are there any famous musicians on the stage ?
This is not my type .
This isn t the type that I like .
I think your work is all right .
I broke the lock opening the door .
My stomach hurts .
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate .
That child can count to twenty .
The show was wonderful but the tickets were too expensive .
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall .
This pear smells nice .
 Will you have some more coffee ? No thanks . I ve had enough . 
Last month our twenty year old daughter gave birth to a baby girl .
They insist that he should go .
I have been busy writing a short story .
It is expensive running this car .
The lake is deepest at this point .
Who is the woman in the brown coat ?
Who is that woman in the brown coat ?
You may be right but I am against your opinion .
This shop is open from to o clock .
Do you know when the musician will come here ?
I always keep a dictionary close at hand .
What do you want ?
He is the manager of the marketing department .
Without water we cannot exist .
Without water we can not survive .
I hope so .
I returned the books I borrowed from the library and I borrowed some new ones .
It s getting warmer day by day .
He should have arrived by now .
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening .
It s our pleasure .
I got on the train for London .
Please don t do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name !
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week .
All the apple trees were cut down .
He had his hair cut short .
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties .
Ann is a cheerleader .
He is as smart as any other boy in the class .
While you are reading to me I can do my sewing .
We enjoyed swimming in the lake .
I don t agree with you .
I disagree with you .
As a man sows so he shall reap .
You reap what you sow .
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars .
A brilliant future lay before him .
There is a television in this room .
It s fine today .
Today the weather is very nice .
Some people like sports . Others don t .
There is no school during August .
Your pen is better than mine .
Write your name in capitals .
We thought his threat was only a joke .
We used to go skating every weekend .
There is a beautiful park near my home .
If it had not been for your help I couldn t have completed the work .
What a dictionary says is not always right .
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth .
Were I in your place I would do the same thing .
Good evening .
This dress is a good bargain .
She taught me how to swim .
Many of the workers died of hunger .
She is very thoughtful and patient .
For the time being my sister is an assistant in a supermarket .
I ll call you around five o clock .
My sister married a doctor .
They say that she was born in Germany .
You are tired aren t you ?
My father insisted that I should go to see the place .
She kept crying all night long .
He gave me a ring at midnight .
He s a strange character .
School was closed for the day due to the snow .
Every dog has his day .
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects .
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park .
Don t interfere in my affairs .
I m afraid you can t marry her .
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago .
 Shall I have him call you when he gets back ? Yes please . 
He has just left home .
The party was put off for a week .
Water turns into steam when it is boiled .
He said he did not enter the room which was a lie .
I was very surprised to hear the news .
My vision is getting worse these days .
My attitude towards him changed .
I went for a walk in the park .
It is strange that he should say so .
What movies are playing this week ?
Good health is inseparable from exercise and moderation .
I m at work now so I ll call you later .
I agree .
He will come back sooner or later .
Take as many cookies as you want .
Dogs have a keen sense of smell .
It seemed to be cheap .
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA .
I have been studying English for four years .
This letter is wrongly addressed .
Blessed are the pure in heart .
The capital of Japan is Tokyo .
Waiter I d like to order .
We were just about to enter the room .
Take this medicine in case you get sick .
Men can not exist without air .
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday .
When will the world come to an end ?
When is the Apocalypse ?
I want to go to Seattle .
Mr . Brown a friend from Oregon will visit us tomorrow .
My television was broken down so I had to get it repaired .
Everybody knew she could speak English well .
All of them are good teachers .
Should I cancel the call ?
Exercise is good for your health .
Can I use your dictionary for a minute ?
They grow oranges in California .
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction .
Mr Davis looks very tired .
This desk is made of wood .
I m free today .
Our house was robbed while we were away .
Music is a common speech for humanity .
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong .
He saluted the lady .
He said hello to the woman .
Try to make the most of your time .
He went to America to study medicine .
It is believed that whales have their own language .
There are about forty students in her class .
We should tell children how to protect themselves .
I have known her for two years .
You have to change trains at Shibuya .
Let me in .
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food .
I have a lot of friends to help me .
There are forty students in our class .
The quickest means of travel is by plane .
The fastest way to travel is by plane .
I wonder which of the runners will come first .
My dad doesn t like soccer .
My father doesn t like soccer .
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning ?
Are you picking me up at tomorrow morning ?
I listened but I didn t hear anything .
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month .
There are some books on the desk .
He did it at the expense of his health .
My father graduated from Harvard University .
She picked up one of the glass vases .
 cubed is .
If it rains tomorrow I ll just stay at home .
I need it ASAP .
I need it as quickly as possible .
We used to play in the park .
I know every inch of New York .
Many a young girl likes the singer .
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle .
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle .
What we need is help .
That s the computer he used to write the article .
That s the computer on which he writes his articles .
I m pregnant .
No matter how often I tell her she keeps making the same mistake .
They live in peace .
His acts of courage brought him glory .
I have two English books .
How many books do you have ?
A year has twelve months .
There are twelve months in a year .
One year has twelve months .
My dad is not at home for the moment .
This is not your book it s mine .
I do not work .
I have an older brother and an older sister .
Little Ming still doesn t know where he s going to go next year .
My friend is seventeen years old .
My friend is seventeen .
This afternoon I have English class for two hours and then two hours of Chinese .
Chinese characters are very beautiful .
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil .
Our school is in the center of the town .
Are you for or against the plan ?
Here is a letter for you .
She insisted that it was my fault .
Habit is second nature .
Shinya married a pretty girl .
The price of rice has come down .
You must learn from mistakes .
Kyoto has many universities .
Over sleeping is no excuse for being late .
I also heard a similar story .
See above .
Kent is a born leader .
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving .
He painted his bicycle red .
She helped her father with the work in the garden .
I wish to become a dentist in future .
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink .
A famous architect built this house .
He went mad when he heard the story .
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen .
A true gentleman never betrays his friends .
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse .
The government of this country oppresses its people .
My throat feels dry .
Bird watching is a nice hobby .
Who is your Chinese teacher ?
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom ?
I work in a bank .
I don t like working at the bank .
Wang Xiaoming speaks English but doesn t have a lot of English books .
How many people are there in your family ?
How many people are in your family ?
Where s his home ?
Where is his house ?
My Chinese teacher is a man .
The dictionary he talked about isn t available in the library .
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America . He really wants to go next year .
He is now working in France .
He still hasn t been to France he really wants to go next year .
I am French .
I m French .
Mom is older than Dad .
His scores are always better than mine even though he doesn t study very much .
This film is really boring the best bit is when it finishes .
I am a man .
I m a man .
The news made her happy .
What do his words imply ?
It s a good thing to read good books when you are young .
Don t conceal what you feel about it .
She is gracious to everyone .
With just a little more effort he would have succeeded .
There s too much salt in this soup .
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil .
Stand the ladder against the wall .
She is fond of animals .
She is a clerk in the supermarket .
Smoking affects your health .
I don t like the way you laugh at her .
You should not waste your time .
He works hardest in his class .
Everybody knows that happiness is in contentment .
He will be at home tomorrow .
He kissed her with his eyes closed .
I m sorry . I have another appointment .
The whole class is present once a week .
He was standing at the street corner .
It is cruel of him to say such things to her .
 Where have you been ? I have been to the station to see a friend off . 
I always take a bath before going to bed .
He must be a gentleman to act that way .
Any task may become painful .
He really likes baseball .
No problem .
She talked childishly .
I am very sad .
Thanks to the development of agricultural science world food production has managed to keep up with population growth but only at the expense of the future .
Do you like music ?
Can anyone pronounce this word ?
She was satisfied with the new dress .
She was satisfied with the new skirt .
Who taught her how to speak English ?
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder !
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight .
Say it in English .
Put your hands up !
Hands up !
I don t like to go out when it s dark .
The camera was essential for me .
She saw a tall man yesterday .
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it .
Did you feed the dog this morning ?
I don t feel like taking a walk this morning .
He was late for school yesterday .
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future .
They left there the day before yesterday .
He is as tall as I .
We have a test tomorrow .
Da Vinci could see farther than others .
We gather here once a week .
I sort of understand .
Instead of going to Europe I decided to go to America .
It is good to be a winner .
The phone rang while I was taking a shower .
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result .
We re classmates .
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology .
There is no denying that she is very efficient .
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society we think of husbands supporting the family and wives taking care of the house and children .
My parents aren t old yet .
I met him at the barber s .
He will be back in a second .
He pulled aside to let a truck pass .
There was no one there besides me .
He left his daughter a great fortune .
Well I must be going .
And open your textbook at page ten .
Does that mean you won t come ?
That accounts for why the door was open .
It proved the truth of the rumor .
In that case I think you should come in today .
One three and five are odd numbers .
I walked about mile .
He has two children aged and .
I am going on a picnic tomorrow .
Will it be hot again tomorrow ?
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow .
It may rain tomorrow .
I can t tell if it will be raining tomorrow .
I don t think that it will rain tomorrow .
I will go skiing in Hokkaido .
I know him by name but not by sight .
We elected her captain of our team .
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way .
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation .
See you tomorrow in the office .
I don t think she takes after her mother .
I don t think that she looks like her mother .
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam .
The train leaves at o clock .
She had just come home when I called .
We have a share of the market .
You should make better use of your free time .
It is dangerous to drink too much .
That is a high building is it not ?
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach .
Bring two breakfasts please . Number on the menu and two teas with milk .
Call an ambulance .
Call an ambulance !
First I should hear both sides .
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments ?
I had already left before you returned .
I don t see any reason why I have to apologize .
Weather permitting we will leave in an hour .
Please feed the dog every day .
What do you think should be done about it ?
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her .
I want to eat apple pie .
Before taking a journey I got a haircut .
Edison was not a bright student .
I want a box in which to keep these toys .
My father is always cool .
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon .
Put the egg into boiling water .
He likes hunting .
Anybody would be better than nobody .
This bomb can kill a lot of people .
I ll be very happy if I can serve you .
He is learning how to drive a car .
He cannot buy a car still less a house .
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can t play the piano .
He is not a good driver .
I left home early to get a good seat .
Do you have a condom ?
Do you have any condoms ?
I hurried in order to catch the first train .
She has a son and two daughters .
I m exhausted .
I am exhausted .
I m really tired .
I m incredibly tired .
She is collecting material for a book .
She s collecting material for a book .
Will it rain tomorrow ?
Was Ken at home yesterday ?
He knows how to make a radio .
Nobody believes what I say .
The average height of the girls in class is over centimeters .
It is on this point that our opinions differ .
Do you mind if I open the window ?
I want to watch this film .
Switzerland is located between France Italy Austria and Germany .
I see a woman wearing black .
She lived for a long time .
Is death the only release ?
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother s love is .
A sea separates Ireland and England .
The dog came running to me .
Ogai is his favorite author .
Can you tell me what this is ?
Did anyone call me while I was out ?
I hope everything will be fine in the end .
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday .
She s coming !
It rained for a week .
How long do you plan on staying in this country ?
You might have heard of it .
Yesterday I went and fished by the river .
He sleeps during the day and works at night .
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle .
That boy denies stealing the bicycle .
The clock does not run .
Living in the city is really different to living in the country .
I waited for my friend for an hour .
I waited an hour for my friend .
My little sister looks like my mum .
The whole country was covered in snow .
When he retired his son took over the business .
She married a rich man .
She told me her mum bought it for her .
Can you show me this skirt please ?
Ken cried for help .
He s started looking for a job .
He s getting along well with all of his classmates .
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates .
I can t afford that .
Where did you get the idea ?
Modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days .
I will give you a bike for your birthday .
In the light of what you told us I think we should revise our plan .
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts .
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital .
She looked more beautiful than ever .
He s always smiling .
Do you think he is good for the position ?
Don t cry like a child !
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time .
She will give her picture to whoever wants it .
She ll give her photo to whoever wants it .
This red hat corresponds well to her dress .
How long does it take to walk to the station ?
The man sitting next to me spoke to me .
They helped one another to make the school festival a success .
Teaching English is his profession .
She likes cooking for her family .
I am getting off at the next station .
Will you lend me your bicycle ?
Can you lend me your bicycle ?
I m not tired at all .
I wonder what this phrase means .
She must be over eighty .
Water becomes solid when it freezes .
My uncle gave me a present .
My uncle gave me a gift .
Your father is tall .
Your father is pretty tall .
As far as I m concerned she s a complete stranger .
She s a complete stranger to me .
Who s your favourite TV star ?
He put away his toys .
What a wonderful family .
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair .
He caught a cold .
London the capital of England is on the Thames .
I want to know where she went .
It s already .
I couldn t be any more tired .
I got a bee sting .
Nothing s as important as peace .
Don t forget smoking is bad for your health .
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English .
I can walk to school in minutes .
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school .
Do whatever he tells you .
What do you say to dining out tonight ?
 A cat ? asked the old man .
They re required to work eight hours every day .
I married eight years ago .
At best he may take third place .
I think exams ruin education .
Let me know if I need to change .
Life without love is just totally pointless .
Many people drift through life without a purpose .
Nothing is achieved without effort .
I couldn t have done it without you . Thank you .
Thank you I couldn t do it without you .
I can t live without TV .
I want to know how long it ll take .
That is rather unexpected .
You ll forget about me someday .
Imagination affects every part of our lives .
It s quite difficult to master French in or years .
 How do you feel ? he asked .
May I ask a question ?
Can I ask a question ?
 Mum can I have a biscuit ? No you shouldn t eat between meals . 
It is said that Hamlet is the most interesting play ever written .
Do you speak Italian ?
I don t care what your names are . Once this job s over I m out of here .
I don t care what you re called . As soon as this job s finished I m leaving .
Excuse me allow me to point out three errors in the above article .
How long does it take to get to the station ?
How long does it take to get to the train station ?
You re not even fazed . You must have known all along !
It looks like an egg .
The weather today is great as it will be tomorrow .
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach .
Taro has a really strong sense of responsibility .
I wonder who has come .
I want to marry a girl like her .
I m very sorry we can t accept your request .
We swam by the lake .
The high building can be seen from the window .
Let s keep in touch .
Oh what is this ?
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood .
He is not a singer but an actor .
The eight o clock bus was early today .
To what degree are you interested in baseball ?
She plays tennis every day .
It was love at first sight .
Don t leave the door open .
My father must have been handsome in his youth .
My father retired to make way for younger people .
Father is busy writing letters .
My father has been in good shape since his operation .
Father is going to undergo an operation .
My father neither drinks nor smokes .
Father stopped drinking .
My father will come home at the end of this week .
My father is an expert surgeon .
Father is out but Mother is at home .
My father is getting better by degrees .
My father often goes to America on business .
I wouldn t have thought I would someday look up Viagra in Wikipedia .
After all you re right .
If possible this weekend .
Mary is not poor . On the contrary she is quite rich .
Even though he has a lot of money he s not happy .
What do you have for breakfast ?
The United States borders Canada .
The fire alarm rang .
It is true that he got full marks on the test .
Shakespeare s Macbeth is a tragedy .
Grandpa bought it for me !
We kept quiet .
My period hasn t come .
We saw the child get on the bus .
I m afraid I differ with you on this point .
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English .
Her mother will continue to work .
Yours is over there .
Let s go !
The doctor told her that she should take a rest .
I feel much better today .
He s been awarded a gold medal once .
She still hasn t heard this news .
His room was in disorder .
He s changed a lot in his looks .
She said that she was happy .
We must go to school .
I m doubtful that he s going to come .
I m studying economics at university .
Does your new computer run well ?
She has a rose in her hand .
You made a mistake .
I m afraid of earthquakes .
They looked relieved only when it was in motion .
I wonder what has happened to her .
Oh I m really sorry .
They say love is blind .
She spoke in soft tones .
John is very proud of his new house .
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends .
May I borrow this book ?
Her words were as follows .
I need a new computer .
He s talking on the telephone .
It gets very humid here in the summer . In the winter on the other hand it gets very dry .
She turned down the subsidy that I offered .
The problem is we can t use our car on that day .
We ve gone to the park to take photos .
This is my book .
This is my dictionary .
These pictures are really very beautiful .
Can I take pictures here ?
I enjoy taking pictures .
I need your passport and three photographs .
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains .
You can take your time .
Take your time .
Yoshida don t stress .
Take it slowly .
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness .
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark .
Be patient and persistent . These things take time .
Take your time . There s no hurry .
Do it when you have time .
I don t have time for reading .
We just have enough time to eat breakfast .
I don t know if I ll have time to do it .
I don t know if I have time to do it .
This is the tallest man I ve ever seen .
The people here are used to the cold .
I don t really read newspapers .
I don t know when she got married .
He gave us not only clothes but some money .
She spends most of her money on her dresses .
What s the matter ?
What s happened ?
Round trip ? Only one way .
That s a good idea !
It s a surprise .
Where are the eggs please ?
Excuse me where are the eggs ?
Thank you very much !
Many thanks .
Thanks a lot !
Are they all the same ?
Are they both the same ?
Did you miss me ?
Do you miss me ?
Well the night is quite long isn t it ?
People from Madrid are weird .
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous .
Democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried .
I lived for more than a month in Nagoya .
I lived in Nagoya for over a month .
One million people lost their lives in the war .
A million people lost their live during the war .
 Why aren t you going ? Because I don t want to . 
I m sorry I can t stay long .
The Germans are very crafty .
In the s the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world .
Allen is a poet .
 I feel like playing cards . So do I . 
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not .
It s up to you if we go .
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want .
 She likes music . So do I . 
 The phone is ringing . I ll get it . 
 Trust me he said .
 What s going on in the cave ? I m curious . I have no idea . 
 When will you be back ? It all depends on the weather . 
 When will you come back ? It all depends on the weather . 
 Who is it ? It s your mother . 
I m taking an exam in January .
Can I eat this orange ?
He likes oranges .
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple .
I am eating rice .
I had my bicycle stolen last night .
My bike was stolen last night .
Whose bicycle is this ?
Whose is this bicycle ?
Whose bike is this ?
This is my bicycle .
This is my bike .
This bike needs to be repaired .
His bicycle is blue .
He went by bicycle .
The news made her sad .
I feel like crying .
I felt like crying .
I want to cry .
I feel lonely .
Never have I felt better .
I feel dead .
I felt as if I were in a dream .
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open .
I should stop procrastinating .
Why don t we go home ?
This work doesn t pay .
This job doesn t pay .
No point in threatening me . I ll still tell you nothing .
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first .
I ran into Ken at the park .
Carrefour s Ham offcuts are not expensive at all but are nonetheless delicious .
He graduated from Cambridge with honors .
Have you ever been to Hawaii ?
There were two cakes .
There were two pieces of cake .
Are you going to visit any other countries ?
The boy I love doesn t love me .
By the way have you seen him lately ?
She passed away peacefully in her sleep .
Have you ever had any serious illness ?
Industry as we know it today didn t exist in those days .
The magician had the children s attention .
They are jealous of our success .
Will he be able to come tomorrow ?
She pretended to be a student .
Another step and you would have fallen down the stairs .
That can t be Mary . She s in the hospital now .
 Are the drinks free ? Only for ladies . 
My boss assigned the hard job to me .
They are sure to fall in love .
I don t have any change .
What do you call this bird in English ?
I heard the song sung in French .
I ve heard the French version of this song .
He s afraid of dogs .
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow ?
This medicine will make you feel better .
Don t walk so fast ! I can t keep up with you .
You had better go now .
Where there s a will there s a way .
What does he say in his letter ?
It is rude of you to say so .
The boy lay listening to the radio .
This is a post office and that is a bank .
His house was small and old .
I ordered a pizza on the phone .
He has some money in the bank .
They can overcome their fear .
We should do our best .
I live in a big city .
Please give me a cup of water .
It s cold .
I hope we stay in touch .
I am married and have two children .
Can I rest a bit ?
Ask him if he can speak Japanese .
The bird was covered with white feathers .
Have you ever visited Kyoto ?
Have you ever been to Kyoto ?
Men should work .
The policemen said to them Stop . 
You can t drink seawater because it is too salty .
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day .
Ken s dog is very big .
I walk my dog in the park every morning .
Eat your soup while it is hot .
For now I will wait at the hotel .
Smoking has affected his lungs .
He saw brightly colored birds flowers and leaves .
It can t be !
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it s not going to work .
It s no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don t believe !
You really don t have the right priorities !
I just wanted to check my email .
I have too many things on my mind these days .
I need to know tomorrow .
There is an apple on the table .
He is always complaining of his room being small .
We must conform to the rules .
I feel a little guilty that I didn t invite him to join the celebration .
Who built it ?
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father .
You can go or stay as you wish .
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour .
We have two daughters .
He has already had lunch .
One is new and the other is old .
I m very sorry I came home so late .
Our teacher will give us difficult problems .
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer .
I ordered several books from England .
What time does the play begin ?
This is the house where I used to live when I was young .
This is the house I lived in when I was young .
The United States is abundant in natural resources .
We were able to catch the last train .
I ate bread and butter this morning .
Who are you to tell me to get out ?
In hard times like this no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red .
It is time you left off your childish ways .
I find this book is very difficult to read .
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy .
Quite by chance I met my old friend at the airport .
He doesn t care much for baseball .
I d like to visit your country someday .
We ve sent the invitations yesterday .
He is mean .
I thanked Mary for her help .
She is sensitive to current fashions .
She s highly influenced by current trends .
She follows the latest craze .
There are fifty states in the United States .
Many children die of starvation in Africa .
Have you ever been to Kobe ?
He married an air hostess .
This river flows rapidly .
Your conduct is perfectly legal .
I sat by his side .
The show was very interesting . You should have seen it .
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television .
He speaks poor French .
I learned to live without her .
Nobody understands me .
I don t speak Japanese .
I don t have anyone who d travel with me .
Foreigners astound me .
Everyone wants to meet you . You re famous !
How do you find food in outer space ?
We don t have class on Wednesday afternoons .
Jesus was born of Mary .
What kind of music do you like ?
Like me Lucy has many friends .
One must be an executive in some company .
He went to some place or other .
Does anyone here speak Japanese ?
Could I park my car here ?
Can I park my car here ?
I hope I can see you at Christmas .
We d like to order tonnes of olive oil .
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands .
You have a choice of black tea coffee or milk .
Please can we have two teas and one coffee .
Please can we have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee .
Would you like tea or coffee ?
I can choose between tea and coffee .
Does doing things in this way have a benefit ?
Doing things in this way has no benefit .
On his arrival in London he sent me a telegram .
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London .
Are you really going to London to study ?
When I am in London I will most probably go catch a few performances .
When did you go to London ?
He is fond of adventure .
My mom doesn t speak English very well .
Don t underestimate my power .
This diamond is not real .
I m thinking of going abroad next year .
This is a comfortable chair .
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday .
What do you think I ve been doing ?
What do you think I was doing before ?
I don t know if I still have it .
It s not something anyone can do .
How could I be a robot ? Robots don t dream .
How could I be a robot ? Robots can t dream .
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses .
I can t explain it either .
I can t do any better .
I did my best .
I don t want something like this to happen .
I hate chemistry .
It is inevitable that I go to France someday I just don t know when .
For once in my life I m doing a good deed . . . And it is useless .
Why don t you come visit us ?
Congratulations !
I am curious .
I m curious .
I don t love you anymore .
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you .
You never have class or what ? !
What did you answer ?
I like candlelight .
He is far from a good tennis player .
He is rather poor at tennis .
He s a quiet man a little bald on top .
He put the book on the table .
He withdrew his hand from the table .
He erased his speech from the tape .
He is an expert at fishing .
He always wears dark glasses .
He can play tennis very well .
He is good at playing tennis .
He plays tennis very well .
He s a tennis player .
He played tennis .
He can play both tennis and baseball .
He went fishing instead of playing tennis .
What does this word mean ?
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home .
Can you teach me to play chess ?
He knows a lot of people .
He tires easily .
In the end he achieved his objective .
He finally became the president of IBM .
He is a bit like his father .
He somewhat resembles his father .
He s a little pale .
He s a bit pasty .
He stopped for a quick cigarette .
He is something of a scholar .
We re the same age .
He is the same age as me .
He just got home .
He arrived at school exactly on time .
Without the slightest hesitation he sold his own car .
Which do you like better spring or autumn ?
Which season do you like best spring or autumn ?
Don t be too sensitive to criticism .
I gave you a book .
The things he says are not the least bit important .
The things he says are entirely inconsequential .
What he says is total nonsense .
It s going to rain .
It s about to rain .
It s going to rain soon .
What time does this train reach Yokohama ?
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama ?
What time will the train get to Yokohama ?
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare .
When was it finished ?
What time does it open ?
I am Chinese .
He studies Chinese .
Are you Chinese or Japanese ?
Who is your Chinese teacher ?
They were for the most part young people .
He is as tall as her .
He is as tall as she .
It s me .
It is I .
How far is it from here ?
I teach .
I laughed .
I overslept .
I think I understand .
These fireworks are spectacular !
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer .
Summers are very hot in Kyoto .
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake .
He took the wrong bus by mistake .
How long will you be staying ?
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration .
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration .
I am convinced that things will change for the better .
Nancy is afraid of dogs .
I am afraid of dying .
I am afraid of death .
There s nothing to be afraid of .
I travelled around Europe .
We are against war .
Nobody likes war .
War doesn t make anybody happy .
You re a human .
You re a person .
I am the leader of this team .
Japan is the leader of the world s high tech industry .
She took night classes in the art of self defense .
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer .
He was absent from school yesterday because he was ill .
It s healthy to breathe deeply .
All cats are grey in the dark .
At night all cats are grey .
Though very busy she came to see me off .
I haven t smoked for ages .
This dictionary contains about headwords .
This dictionary has about entries .
Do your best in anything you do .
Give your best effort in all that you do .
You must not speak with your mouth full .
The couple had a son .
Jim hasn t been home yet .
Jim hasn t come home yet .
Jim has not yet returned home .
I saw a wonderful fall there .
I saw a beautiful waterfall there .
A cold front swept over Europe .
Extreme cold covered Europe .
A cold snap spread across Europe .
Would you like your ears to show ?
You should be more reasonable .
Why don t we order pizza ?
I want to eat pizza tonight .
We often associate black with death .
The deadline is approaching .
I am amazed at your audacity .
She was amazed to hear the news .
I m amazed at his rapid progress in English .
If I were to tell you all I know you would be amazed .
You ve both been very impressive today . I m proud of you .
The Internet is an invaluable source of information .
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician .
I wonder what I should do today .
What do you have ?
Mike really likes animals .
Please pass me the butter .
The children s room is in bad order .
We have plenty of time tonight .
In any case it s troublesome isn t it ?
The accident arose from a simple mistake .
I am years old now .
Were I to die who would look after my children ?
Few students knew his name .
Let s dance my darling .
There is a map on the wall .
It is not what you read but how you read that matters .
The old church by the lake is very beautiful .
Good morning !
Good morning .
Their wedding will be tomorrow .
She fainted when she saw blood .
We will have learned English for five years next year .
The company spends a lot of money on advertising .
There was no money left in my wallet .
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street .
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase .
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college .
I found him a genius at chemistry .
He tried to act cheerfully but we all knew how sad he felt .
The boy has an apple in his pocket .
There s an apple in this boy s pocket .
Would you please wait for a few minutes ?
He is to blame for the failure .
This turkey tastes good .
I listen to the radio every night .
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital .
I like to travel alone .
He took part in the Olympic Games .
School uniforms are just out of fashion .
What was the cause of the explosion ?
How tall are you ?
I believe you .
I believe in you .
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience .
This is the book which you are looking for .
How dare you speak to me like that !
Will you please hold this edge ?
The prisoner escaped under cover of night .
Why do I have to do that ?
The lions fought with each other to get food .
This camera was made in Germany .
It s unlike him to get so angry .
If she had married you she would be happy now .
You ll soon get used to speaking in public .
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning .
That is how he got out of danger .
This is the place where the battle took place .
I hope you ll soon get well .
This beach is a paradise for surfers .
How s the weather there ?
What s the weather like there ?
My grandmother posted the letter this morning .
When you returned I had already left .
This is an important event .
This room does not get much sun .
There are no clouds in the sky .
You should have come earlier .
I cannot give you a definite answer today .
I can t put up with that noise any longer .
I can not bear this noise any more .
Unfortunately there was no one around .
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems .
Tom walks slowly .
Tom walks very slowly .
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job .
These issues have no effect on us .
Let s discuss the matter right now .
Let s discuss the problem with them .
He is a baseball player .
Do you know which book sells well now ?
With the weather getting worse the departure was put off .
Due to the worsening weather the departure was delayed .
Doctors have discovered some startling facts .
I went swimming in the river yesterday .
It took me three hours to do my homework .
That s the stupidest thing I ve ever said .
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot .
All you can do is trust one another .
You can t expect me to always think of everything !
Don t expect others to think for you !
I suppose it s different when you think about it over the long term .
Are you going out tomorrow ?
You must put an end to this foolish behavior .
I d like to be a guitarist .
The sooner the better .
We have no time .
We don t have time .
We all miss you very much .
The law is full of ambiguities .
I ve got to stop eating such sweet ice cream .
They bought a box of cookies .
She made cookies for the children .
Though wounded they continued to fight .
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight .
What s the weight of your suitcase ?
One of my suitcases is missing .
No matter how important the question may or may not be you must solve it .
The dress suits you very well .
The dress fits you very well .
The first attack missed the target .
Was I wrong ?
It s four o clock by my watch .
Thank you for your patience .
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon .
These tools are used for building a house .
The party was a success .
We were caught in a storm .
The company s going to go bankrupt really soon .
Many small companies went bankrupt .
An unforgettable event occurred .
The boy rode a horse for the first time .
He returned home for the first time in ten years .
We want further information .
We want to get more information .
The box is almost empty .
How much will it cost ?
I owe him dollars .
He will be a good husband to my sister .
He is able to do it better than I am .
He can do it better than I can .
He s very good at playing baseball .
The pain is unbearable .
The top of the mountain is covered in snow .
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life .
We call our dog Pochi .
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home .
She seems to hate you .
It seems she hates you .
Will you stay at home ?
I would like to take a walk but the day is too hot .
This factory manufactures CD players .
Where re the shoes ?
Seen from the sky the river looked like a huge snake .
I must have caught a cold .
Where does he work ?
When did she get married ?
This song makes me think of when I was young .
The radio is powered off .
He told me to be kind to others .
This food does not agree with me .
The bank secured the city from a flood .
He relies on his wife financially .
How about going out to eat tonight ?
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week .
Bill open the door .
He studies English but he s also studying German .
Whoever knows him well respects him .
Taro drew yen from the bank .
Her goal is to become a teacher .
Sooner or later he will tell me everything .
I arrived at the village before dark .
Some people like volleyball others enjoy tennis .
I didn t get the point of his speech .
The car broke down .
I wonder if it will be sunny outside .
I want to learn Chinese next year .
At last the bus stopped .
I want to study abroad next year .
On February Americans celebrate St . Valentine s Day .
Sir you have left your lighter on the table .
She raised her voice .
Japan has many distinctive traits .
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita ?
It is said that treasure is buried in this area .
It comes natural to him to speak French .
We are badly in need of food .
My father is a skilled fisherman .
He is very handsome .
My house is big .
I am at home .
I m at home .
I don t like school .
I am a student of this school .
That is our school .
Please take more care in the future .
In case of an emergency get in touch with my agent .
Don t miss the bus .
He said nothing which made her angry .
I only got to the station after the train had left .
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech .
Can you make it on time ?
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life .
My father is a bit old fashioned .
He rushed into the room with his coat on .
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds .
You are honest to admit your mistake .
There is no connection between them .
I didn t like beer at that time .
He is an expert in the area of city planning .
He has set out for Canada .
Our teacher really stands on ceremony doesn t she ?
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano .
It appears that he is mistaken .
The audience was deeply affected .
Time for dinner .
He is full of energy .
The judgement went against the government .
She has a round face .
Tears filled her eyes .
Having lived in Tokyo I know the city well .
She was different from most women in the neighborhood for she was able to read and write .
He couldn t hold his temper any longer .
He could no longer contain his anger .
He is poor .
I ll wait here till he comes back .
He went to stay with his cousin .
What has become of her son ?
He stayed at his aunt s house .
He s staying at his aunt s .
Come and see me tomorrow .
The birds were flying in a group .
He was involved in the trouble .
He is rather an active person .
He s a bit lively .
He s a bit energetic .
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune .
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers .
Can we talk in private ?
She is an obstinate girl .
She s a stubborn girl .
It seems that Jack is sick .
It was a week before Jane got over her cold .
We can seat you soon .
The company abandoned that project .
How do you heat the house ?
We came in sight of the hill .
Bob helped me .
That responsibility is a burden to him .
You can take whichever road you like .
Developing his ability of speaking English it seems is his purpose of studying abroad .
The poor young man finally became a great artist .
Whether you like it or not doesn t matter .
London s climate differs from that of Tokyo .
See you again .
See you around .
Good bye !
See you later !
Goodbye !
Bye !
The cake tastes divine !
What does PTA stand for ?
I m glad you could come to the party .
Is there a zoo in the park ?
The more books you read the more you ll know .
Let s talk over a cup of tea shall we ?
The assignment took me longer than I had expected .
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse .
Where does it leave from ?
The rumor turned out to be false .
It turned out that the rumor was false .
This is what I want .
I m dripping with sweat .
Take any train on track .
Jim accompanied her on the piano .
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework .
We were astonished to hear what had happened .
Take as much as you like .
Don t laugh at him for making a mistake .
It is founded on supposition .
When did you get back from your trip ?
The baby fell asleep in the cradle .
You must not eat too much .
It came to nothing .
You re old enough to know better .
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test .
Do you know how to operate a computer ?
The fire broke out after the staff went home .
The tire leaks air .
The weather changes very often in England .
That s the point .
There is a cat under the desk .
You say one thing and then act just the opposite .
The engineer told us how to use the machine .
I ll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks .
The vase crashed to pieces .
Why did you paint the bench red ?
We had a lot of snow last year .
There was a lot of snow last year .
It snowed a lot last year .
This textbook is written in simple English .
Do you get along with your boss ?
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans .
Strange to say he didn t know the news .
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month .
In addition to English he can speak French .
Thereafter we heard no more from him .
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays .
The summer sun glared down on us .
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes .
I don t think John is suited for the job .
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not .
Won t you have some tea with me ?
Nick can speak Portuguese very well . That s because he s been studying it for years .
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday .
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon .
Of course I should read this book .
He is a reporter for Time magazine .
My father caught three fish yesterday .
He is totally immersed in family life and has no wish to work .
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm .
I wish he would write more often .
They say that he will never return .
I d like to make a call to Tokyo Japan . The number is .
Two months have passed since he left for France .
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off .
Looks like it s not that easy huh ?
We usually walk to school .
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets .
Could you put my name on the waiting list ?
I don t know when he will come .
It is easy to read this book .
The cap is too small for me .
This book is easy enough for them to read .
We easily figured out the password .
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race .
Do you have a camera ?
I just wish we could leave this horrible place .
Have a nice day .
Where did you see Nancy ?
The picture looks better at a distance .
It is necessary for you to go there immediately .
Grand opening sale .
There were ten police officers on the spot .
There was a lot of snow last winter .
There were failures among applicants .
These figures don t add up .
Sure . Good luck !
The lady looked sad also tired .
It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles .
I would like to purchase some boots .
Which cap is yours ?
Which hat is yours ?
It looks as if it is going to rain .
I don t want there to be any misunderstanding .
Entering the house I tripped over the mat .
I am quite pleased with you .
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news .
That is a pencil .
Some people pursue only pleasure .
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows .
Few if any will criticize him .
The word is not in my dictionary .
I hope I m not disturbing you .
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work .
Why did you come to Japan ?
Let s go and see as many things as we can .
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese .
English has become an international language .
We gladly accept your offer .
Round trip or one way ?
To know a language is one thing and to teach it is another .
It is time you went to bed . Turn off the radio .
What do you think of it ?
The knife has a keen blade .
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle .
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night .
Mike is the only man on the board .
If you are done with that book I d like to have it .
He did not get up early .
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people .
This is the ideology to which my speech is written .
Where do you suppose you ll spend your vacation ?
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school .
We must always be prepared for disasters .
Lay down all arms .
It was not long before we met again by chance .
Hurry up or you will miss the train .
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers he said .
I hope you will be quite well again before long .
The drowning man grasped at the rope .
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials .
I spent idle days during the vacation .
The town was full of activity .
This medicine will do you good .
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing .
Give us the tools and we ll finish the job .
What should they do in this situation ?
You had better do as the doctor advised you .
Would you like to dance with me ?
What time is it by your watch ?
You speak so softly that I cannot quite hear what you say .
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve .
We will only consent on that condition .
In doing anything you must do your best .
The young man put out his hand and I shook it .
Can I make a reservation for golf ?
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill .
The sky looks angry .
The two teams fought very hard .
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky .
The baby cannot use a spoon yet .
I believe you ll get over it soon .
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it .
Due to a number of unfortunate causes one parent families are on the increase .
Quit talking will you ?
She went into her room to change her dress .
Your behavior leaves much to be desired .
She wept reading the letter .
The length of this ship is meters .
We eat so we can live .
As we went around the corner the lake came into view .
He worked very hard .
This is a book .
These days John drinks too much .
What fruit do you like the best ?
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang .
We lost sight of the man in the crowd .
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end .
Which goes faster a ship or a train ?
Your words must correspond with your actions .
I don t believe the child came to Tokyo alone .
He said he was tired so he would go home early .
I can produce several pieces a day if I m lucky .
The train is bound for London .
The accident happened the day before yesterday .
He felt in his pocket for his wallet .
This is the worst movie I have ever seen .
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain .
This library has over volumes .
This fish is free from poison .
There s no poison in this fish .
She spoke scarcely a word of English .
She hardly speaks English .
There are not many books on these shelves .
The clouds opened and the sun shone through .
My father told me where to go .
She goes under the name of Yotchan .
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not .
How did he make his living in such poverty ?
Jack is bound to succeed this time .
Without an air conditioner people nowadays cannot live .
If Ted were here he could help us clean our room .
There is a bank in front of the station .
The girl has no mother .
It is our rainy season .
He is to come to my house tonight .
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody .
Don t be cruel to animals .
Luciano might have the crowd behind him but he s still wet behind the ears .
She tied up the parcel with string .
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother s love is .
Let s have a swim in the afternoon .
This racket of Jane s is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday .
He went to some place or other .
About one third of the earth s surface is land .
We have two daughters .
Strictly speaking you are wrong .
The storm brought about much damage .
The style is nice but do you have it in a different color ?
Honesty was the most important factor in his success .
He made up his mind quickly .
He made up his mind right away .
No one is free even the birds are chained to the sky .
They drank two bottles of wine .
How many sandwiches are there left ?
I have climbed Mt . Fuji .
Shall I go for the doctor ?
I major in economics .
There are two doctors in his circle of friends a surgeon and an ophthalmologist .
I awoke to find everything had been a dream .
This movie is worth seeing .
Nobody came to the party .
You ve improved your English .
How many cars does Alex have ?
They have no house to live in .
He put a Band Aid on his hand .
At last they reached the top of the mountain .
Open the window .
Should he hear of your marriage he will be furious .
We shall all die some day .
This textbook is too hard for me .
The moon is invisible behind the clouds .
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky .
I don t feel like waiting any longer .
Many homes were washed away by the flood .
I can no longer remain silent .
He took over his father s business .
We usually sleep in this room .
I feel better today .
The game was called off on account of the rain .
This is by far the best method .
He stood there for a while .
He came across this old coin in an antique shop .
I promised to help my brother with his homework .
He is almost six feet tall .
No one believed me at first .
His wounded leg began to bleed again .
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge .
His mother is American .
His illness caused her great misery .
What s the name of your insurance company ?
Would you like to come to my party ?
As a boy I used to swim in the pond .
Don t forget about us !
Don t forget us !
Do not forget about us .
Helen is very worried about her daughter .
See you soon !
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore .
It s too bad the college dining hall doesn t have fig cookies .
I m very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba .
I ve seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon . Have you read it ?
He hasn t answered my letter yet .
He still hasn t answered my letter .
He still hasn t responded to my letter .
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces .
Please tell me where the bus stop is .
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast .
Are you referring to me ?
Say hello to your mum for me .
He is happy .
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese ?
What ?
It s raining cats and dogs tonight .
Good question !
I want a person who can speak French .
My father drinks no spirits .
She turned down his invitation .
Mrs . West is busy getting breakfast ready .
We re friends from way back .
We re old friends .
It is necessary to prepare for the worst .
Not knowing what to do he asked me for help .
Get the meaning of a word from its context .
This is the passage to the sea .
I have been to the airport to see him off .
That s the way it is .
I have a black and white speckled dog .
I m a bank clerk .
I am afraid I can t help you .
The doctor is known to everyone in the village .
Would you like to leave a message for him ?
The check please .
The bill please .
How much is it ?
How much does it cost ?
You had better go to bed now .
You had better do it at once .
I didn t do it on purpose .
Say hello to your sister for me .
He apologized to the teacher for coming to school late .
We didn t know what train they d be on .
If we begin early we can finish by lunch .
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth .
I have lost both principal and interest .
She pressed her lips together and willed herself not to cry .
Young people are apt to go to extremes .
I made a desk of wood .
These problems will be solved in the near future .
This a recent photo ?
He handed the letter to the secretary .
All the world desires peace .
He wants these shirts washed .
I miss you very much .
She has a very radical opinion about the problem .
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress .
You have to polish your English .
You are not supposed to smoke here .
What grade are you in ?
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake .
Fasten your seat belt at all times .
Come quick !
He applied himself to his study .
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in .
The novel is centered on the Civil War .
My friend has had three jobs in a year he never sticks to anything for long .
When the counter value reaches the assigned lucky number it displays a congratulatory message .
The higher we go up the thinner the air becomes .
The rain lasted five days .
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee .
Fresh fruit is good for your health .
I came here yesterday .
When I try to listen to music with media player there s an error and I can t play the file .
She looked lonely .
No gratuity accepted .
It s four against you . You ll be beaten up .
She cried all night .
My father tries to abstain from drinking .
His brother is a famous soccer player .
Make good use of this opportunity .
You may give this picture to whoever wants it .
I saw nothing .
Bon voyage !
Don t talk nonsense !
Don t talk rubbish !
Don t talk to me !
Don t talk !
Don t talk so impudently .
Don t talk about such a thing .
Don t talk so loud .
Don t you talk in the classroom .
Don t talk like that .
He flapped the flies away .
She started for Kyoto yesterday .
She took her book .
What an old book this is !
The whole school agreed to the proposal .
Dad isn t home .
I hope to see you again .
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood .
Someone else profits from the situation .
If it had not been for your advice I would have failed .
It won t be long before we know the truth .
The baby is not capable of walking yet .
Did you accomplish the task ?
They go to church on Sunday morning .
I always buy expensive items on credit .
I as well as he am not convinced .
He left the room without so much as saying good bye to me .
I am anxious about his health .
We must consider the financial aspects of this project .
In any case I ll call you tomorrow .
She is living in London .
Your soul has been condemned to hell .
Come back soon .
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground .
Kanji are difficult to read .
This problem seems difficult .
She s grown out of her favorite dress so her mother will have to make it over for her .
I still don t write Chinese well .
Will you have some coffee ?
Please pay at this counter .
I don t know what to do .
I don t know how much this motorcycle is .
We have to abandon the plan .
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on .
In this way we waste a lot of time .
She doesn t have any enemies .
She doesn t have any enemies at all .
Do you believe him ?
I cannot put up with her behavior .
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby .
We carried out that plan .
You are not to neglect your duty .
It was not easy to put out the fire at once .
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed .
My mother used to be into tennis .
I must make an apology to her .
Life is beautiful .
No music no life .
Life is very short .
Country life is healthier than city life .
How strange life is !
This is the life .
Is this my life ?
This is life !
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life .
I have life insurance .
Life is beautiful .
Life is sweet .
Air is indispensable to life .
The music carried me back to my childhood .
He laid his bag on the table .
There s no success without perseverance .
He and I have been good friends since we were children .
Can you lift this stone ?
He saw that he was wrong .
He saves what he earns .
Try it out yourself .
He departed without so much as saying good bye .
He waited until she came .
She made believe that she was sick .
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise .
The hare was overtaken by the tortoise .
Is there any life on Mars ?
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time .
Your son took part in the student movement I hear .
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice .
We eat with our mouths .
It appears that she might change her mind .
Do in Rome as the Romans do .
When in Rome do as the Romans do .
When in Rome do as the Romans .
He had never seen such a bad boy .
Jeff seems to know where she is .
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb .
 Who teaches you English ? Miss Yamada does . 
He played a minor part in the play .
I d like to take a flight .
The president is presently in Miami .
This was the best selling book last week .
I am busy now and can t play with you .
He said he would run kilometers in a day and he did .
He won t beat me .
His composition leaves nothing to be desired .
I have a favor to ask of you .
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music .
If it rains tomorrow we ll not go there .
After losing his job he went through a very difficult time .
A smell of lilies filled the room .
He is furious at what they have done to him .
You should try to behave better .
The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen .
I am very pleased to meet them .
I m sorry .
Sorry . . .
Excuse me .
I have read the book before .
He hardly ever opens a book .
He flew to Chicago where he happened to see a friend .
The doctor advised me to stop smoking .
Her hands were as cold as ice .
We take a bath every day .
There is no substance in his speech .
She is going to part from her boyfriend .
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad .
Who is that old woman ?
This apple tastes sour .
It is time not only to equalize men s and women s wages but also to equalize responsibility for housework .
Nowadays equal pay is not enough . Household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly .
You don t have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing .
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me .
Hold it with both hands .
Are you not tired ?
Gardening has been popular for some years .
Would you show us some samples of your work ?
She is a difficult person to deal with .
He is afraid of making mistakes .
I don t love her .
Love is blind .
Love and Peace .
Does everybody love music ?
Cats usually hate dogs .
Most writers hate being criticized .
Fuck you !
I do not like spring .
I don t like spring .
His attempt to escape was successful .
Deaf mute people talk using sign language .
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house .
I had to give up my plan .
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us .
Everybody is waiting for you .
When did the accident take place ?
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible .
A small car is more economical than a large one .
The garrison was forced to surrender .
There was a broken cup on the table .
This book is very small .
Her charm is beyond description .
The truth finally came out at his trial .
The piano was out of tune it sounded very bad .
He doesn t care much for baseball .
However I have no money .
But I don t have money .
But I have no money .
Move up to the front please .
She married John not because she loved him but because he was a rich man .
You will understand it as time passes .
I thank you .
You will keep your word won t you ?
The people crowded round the injured man but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident .
The accent in guitar falls on the second syllable .
We must study the affair as a whole .
In spite of the storm he went out .
Please get a lot of pencils .
He is burning with anger .
He is boiling with rage .
Keep away from me .
Penny wise pound foolish .
Don t be afraid to ask questions .
What are you about ?
Quite a few students played truant from school .
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra .
Can you drive a car ?
One out of three persons in this city has his own car .
The invention of the transistor marked a new era .
If you are going to smoke please go outside .
I love to dance .
I love dancing .
Ken is as tall as Bill .
I don t get it .
I couldn t get it .
I do not understand .
I don t understand .
Can you speak French ?
Do you speak French ?
Who teaches you French ?
Jack can speak French .
I love French films .
I cannot read French .
His wife is French .
He speaks French .
Do you like French wines ?
Can he speak French ?
She can speak French .
Does she speak French ?
French is her mother tongue .
French is her native language .
French is their mother tongue .
Are you American or French ?
I can t speak French .
I want to learn French .
He speaks English and French .
She majors in French literature .
I want to eat French cuisine .
I don t speak French very much .
Curiosity killed the cat .
A cat has nine lives .
There is a cat under the bed .
That is not a tiger .
Which dog is yours ?
This is my dog .
What she said wasn t true .
It s driving me crazy .
I did smoke when I was young .
It snowed a good deal last night .
If it is worth doing do it well .
Please put your baggage on this scale .
This milk has a peculiar smell .
I have an appointment at .
Will you marry me ?
Do come again .
See you next week !
Which of the TV programs do you like best ?
What is the good of reading such books ?
The earth is smaller than the sun .
Tom and I have nothing in common .
Does your dog bite ?
Karin is Austrian .
Football is my favorite game .
We ve become a mockery to the whole village .
You may bring whoever wants to come .
Now that it has stopped raining we can go home .
With all his efforts he couldn t succeed .
It s absurd of you to do that .
It is absurd of you to do that .
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas ?
How formal is this ceremony ?
These oranges have gone bad .
Come and see me right now .
I ll call you at seven .
My home is on the outskirts of that city .
Can you speak English ?
Do you speak English ?
The sky is blue .
This photo was taken in Nara .
From my point of view Australia is one of the best countries in the world .
What is the ultimate purpose of education ?
His son became a famous pianist .
I hope that she ll get well soon .
Viewed from a distance the island looked like a cloud .
Not until this morning did I learn the truth .
Are you concerned with politics ?
In any case I did my duty .
My primary concern is your safety .
Several years went by .
We took lunch at noon .
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day .
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel .
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining .
About how long will it take ?
I was eating lunch when the phone rang .
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan .
I want to be a doctor .
I don t see any point in persuading him .
Snow has begun to melt .
Do you have an English dictionary ?
He kept talking .
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question .
Tom and John are good friends .
Whatever game I play with you you never win .
Do I have to change my diet ?
The hydrangea blooms in June .
He is still green in business .
The men followed him .
It is a shame not to keep your promise .
I approve of your plan .
I agree to your plan .
That boy talks as if he were a grown up .
Why were you absent yesterday ?
Does this book belong to you ?
He went to America last week .
American children grow up hearing those words .
Is your mother at home ?
One third of the six members were women .
Out of the members a third are women .
A spring rain revived the flower .
Don t touch the wound .
Mt . Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan .
Mt . Fuji is Japan s tallest mountain .
I have a car .
I m sorry for your not having come with us .
I m very glad to see you .
This is a book to read .
This is a book worth reading .
I can t put up with the noise .
I couldn t make out what he meant by megafeps .
Strange to say no one voted for the candidate .
I ll let you off this time but I don t ever want to catch you stealing again .
She called me in the afternoon .
I will give it a try .
This plan requires secrecy .
Let s break off shall we ?
Heat is a form of energy .
To begin with we must tackle the problem .
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction .
I can t keep up with you if you walk so fast .
His failing the test is no laughing matter .
Is he a doctor ?
Many cars passed by .
All these books are mine .
Please think no more about it .
She lives in an apartment alone .
It will get warmer soon .
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea .
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish .
Each year the world s population increases on average by two percent .
He is the son of a wealthy family .
I bumped into an old friend on the bus .
Hanako is set on going to Paris .
You should get your hair cut .
He has a big family .
He refused to shake hands with me .
His English is not bad seeing that he has studied for only two years .
He told me he was going to America .
Please call me up between seven and eight .
Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain .
I ll go shopping tomorrow .
He is driving at top speed .
His story was pretty simple .
I have a problem urinating .
His music and words appeal to young people .
The man blushed like a boy .
Is it all right to take pictures in this building ?
Yes he s almost as tall as I am .
Blossoms have come out on the embankment .
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water .
Information is given in English at every airport .
He is not a doctor but a teacher .
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night .
My car is at your disposal .
He came back from China .
He returned from China .
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt . Everest .
Japan depends on other countries for oil .
I like the way you walk .
He was born in Africa .
He slept well last night .
Is something wrong ?
Almost no one believes her .
Very many people know him .
Why are you crying ?
Why did you cry ?
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it .
I am sure the situation will take a turn for the better .
I like your car .
Ask him if he will attend the meeting .
The Hilton Hotel please .
This is a good newspaper isn t it ?
She doesn t have any enemies .
Hearing the sad news she collapsed in tears .
I m from Tokyo .
That white parasol is hers .
His older brother is two years older than I .
No problem .
She sent me a letter .
He ascribes his failure to bad luck .
She works very hard .
Are you sure ?
Are you sure about this ?
I want you to come at once .
Happy Halloween !
He gave me a nice Christmas present .
It s already time to go home .
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers .
He is as tall as his father .
He was severe with his children .
Who invented the telephone ?
Cows provide us with milk .
I don t like him much in fact I hate him .
I don t really like him in fact I hate him .
He took a quick look at the magazine .
That s exactly what he said .
Oxygen and hydrogen make water .
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen .
I have never read such a scary novel .
Iron is a useful metal .
Welcome .
Her father devoted his life to science .
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station .
I m ironing my handkerchiefs .
I brought you a little something .
I will do the shopping for her birthday .
I can t get at the exact meaning of the sentence .
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble .
He gave me yen .
Can I call you Bob ?
He d prefer not to eat that .
These machines aren t working now .
He always mistakes me for my sister .
I have a computer .
By the way are you free tonight ?
Prices are double what they were ten years ago .
My house is near the station .
My name is Hopkins .
I ll stay at home tomorrow .
If it rains tomorrow we ll stay at home .
Columbus discovered America .
He s lazy .
He made his son a wealthy man .
I m running out of ideas .
I don t wash my hair in the morning .
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was .
Due to the water shortage all the flowers in the garden have died .
John s two years older than me .
Japan is poor in natural resources .
I had to take shelter under a tree .
I found the book interesting .
I found this book interesting .
He is concerned about his father s illness .
I can t leave home even if only for a while .
I got up at seven .
I had to stay in bed all day .
People who will lie for you will lie to you .
Did he admit that he was wrong ?
He kept a diary during the trip .
It s time to take a bath .
Red is out of fashion .
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen .
Every man has his price .
Do you believe me ?
I feel like a rest .
Can I have a look at your newspaper ?
I hope I won t still be ill next week .
I believe that story .
When I saw the picture I remembered the story .
Sorry but I think you ve got the wrong number .
I m sorry you seem to have misdialed the phone .
We could not tell the twins one from the other .
You ll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam .
I can t drink coffee as sweet as this .
We look forward to seeing you again .
The problem remains unsolved .
May I go home now ?
Must the woman always play the secondary role ?
However hard you may study you can t master English in a year or so .
I helped my father yesterday .
I helped him yesterday .
Mr . Meier thought the Neumann family was away on vacation .
I have lost my wallet .
How far is it to the airport ?
How long does the airport bus take to the airport ?
I will explain it to her .
Tom watched TV yesterday .
If you have a question please raise your right hand .
She left the hospital an hour ago .
I wish you good luck .
There is a library in every city in America .
I don t have any children .
Would you like some more salad ?
His leg was bitten by a crocodile .
Do be kind to your children !
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked .
Cool off !
Good luck !
Good question !
To make matters worse it began to rain .
That s too much !
No no that s okay .
It was long before he knew it .
I stayed up till late at night .
Could you give me some advice ?
She can drive a car .
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature .
Keep accounts .
I have a toothache .
I must finish my homework in an hour .
I d like two kilos of apples .
The town developed into the center of the economy .
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here ?
He lives in this neighborhood .
No one will know .
Nobody will know .
As you already know .
Mayuko can t bear living alone .
We have a parking lot for the customers .
I was forced to take medicine .
He has a bicycle .
Let s dance to her song .
He stared at me from head to foot .
What happened here ?
She plays tennis after school .
That house is the place where I was born .
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture .
We learn English at school .
How long will you stay here ?
She doesn t pay attention to others in other words she is selfish .
We have overlooked this important fact .
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts .
He was able to do everything at will .
I thought you liked to learn new things .
He is our boss and must be treated as such .
I can t speak English as well as he .
I can t speak English as well as he can .
She spends much money on dresses .
Judging from the look on his face it seems that he has succeeded .
I ll lend it to you .
It is about ten minutes walk to the station .
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine .
I had expected him at the meeting .
This year promises a good harvest of rice .
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka .
Let me help you with your luggage .
But a man is not made for defeat . A man can be destroyed but not defeated .
The boughs that bear most hang lowest .
Isn t that annoying ?
A garden planted with pine trees .
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job ?
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident .
I heard from someone that she got married .
Don t dodge the issue I want you to answer my question .
Japanese people take three meals a day .
Japanese eat three meals a day .
Whoever comes don t open the door .
This robot does whatever I say . That s a big help when I m too tired to do anything . Not too likely huh ?
Who invented the telephone ?
Who was the telephone invented by ?
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home .
It is the first step which is troublesome .
Advice is like salt .
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees .
Make love not war .
Her father is Japanese .
Her father is Japanese .
Her father is Japanese .
Her father is Japanese .
Her father is Japanese .
The Japanese are an industrious people .
He took a pencil in his hand .
He put down the pencil on the desk .
A good many people were there .
Do not bother to come to my home .
You should avail yourself of every opportunity .
We were filled with anger against the murderer .
You will soon get accustomed to living in this country .
The story was very interesting .
I was busy yesterday .
He must have missed his usual train .
The thick fog made it hard to see the road .
I decided to come to Japan last year .
I decided to come to Japan last year .
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street .
It must have rained during the night .
Can you make it to our usual place at p .m . tonight ?
I caught a big fish yesterday .
I caught a big fish yesterday .
I all but lost you in the crowd .
I was happy yesterday .
Hospital doctors don t go out very often as their work takes up all their time .
We will become happy in the long run .
He likes sports as well as music .
If I knew his address I could write to him .
When will it suit you to start ?
The two streets run parallel to one another .
You must live in the present not in the past .
There is no end to his complaining .
The world s population tends to increase .
That is his car .
Who discovered America ?
I began living by myself .
We were flying about six hours .
Technology will make a lot of progress in the nineties .
Man can t live without dreams .
Knowledge can only be obtained by study .
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour .
Please check my vision .
He carries a bag on his back .
Can t you put it off until tomorrow ?
I watch television after supper .
Come along with us if you like .
Good . No absentees .
Good . No absentees .
The European likes to drink wine .
It has been ten years since I came here .
Once bitten twice shy .
The people exulted over their good luck .
These apples are good cookers .
You can take her at her word on that .
Everyone recognized his skill .
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense .
I am afraid of what the teacher will say .
Tom and Jane got married last month .
We were surprised at the sight .
I am honored to meet you .
I should have studied harder before the term exams .
During hot season perishables go bad easily .
I saw you with a tall boy .
Don t judge a person by his appearance .
Don t judge people from the way they look .
Don t judge a man from the way he looks .
Only a few TV programs are worth watching .
I am not concerned with this affair .
I am not concerned with this affair .
I feel very lonely these days .
I feel very lonely these days .
Tom is still in the hospital .
He filled the bottle with water .
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it .
I have to go now .
I should go .
Most Americans are descended from immigrants .
Most Americans are descended from immigrants .
How old are you ?
How old are you ?
What s your age ?
How old are you ?
How old are you ?
How old are you ?
No one will know .
This is longer than any other bridge in the world .
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe .
Jesus was born of Mary .
Jesus was born of Mary .
In any case I must finish this work by tomorrow .
The driver was charged with speeding .
We went camping in August .
The same old problem .
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic .
Don t drink any alcohol .
She asked them to take their shoes off .
This door will not open .
He bought me a nice camera .
I saw an old friend of mine .
The three boys had only two dollars among them .
The eaves are dripping .
There is a book on the desk .
His novel had a great vogue for a long time .
He taught me how to swim .
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV .
We heard tigers roaring in the distance .
His painting wasn t particularly good so no one praised him for it .
They abandoned their country .
The temperature has been below freezing for several days .
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future .
Could you move the chair a bit ?
When I was taking a bath the telephone rang .
I have a lot of things to do today .
I ve got to hang up now . Someone is waiting to use the phone .
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years .
I d like to have a test for breast cancer .
I met him on the previous day .
She is careful about her child s nutrition .
This village is free from air pollution .
Please attach a certificate of quality .
She is very afraid of the dark .
No fewer than five hundred students were present .
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself .
It seems that there will be a storm soon .
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday .
Do you have any foreign stamps ?
Ben learned to make a fire without matches .
It was a heartbreaking story .
Forget it .
Forget about that right now .
I completely forgot it .
Forget him .
I forget his name .
I forgot his name .
I ve forgotten his name .
Forget the sad affair .
How do you pronounce this word ?
How do you say this word ?
Forget your sorrows .
He asked me whether I like math .
I ll never forget you .
I forget who said it .
I forget to telephone him .
He lost his umbrella again .
He is apt to forget .
I can t forget her .
I quite forget your name .
I think I d better stay here .
You ll forget about me someday .
Please accept this little gift .
I forget your phone number .
I forget your telephone number .
Reading a book is interesting .
Reading books is interesting .
You must not forget your schoolbooks .
Will you join our club ?
Have you got a lighter ?
 The phone is ringing . I ll get it . 
Several factors operated to help prices go up .
It wasn t until then that I felt really frightened .
He is my brother not my father .
Walk on the pavement .
How can I forget those days ?
Don t forget to flush the toilet .
I cannot swim at all .
Don t forget to post the letter .
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree .
Never shall I forget the sight .
Don t forget your ice skates .
She was accused of telling a lie .
I shall never forget your kindness .
I ll never forget your kindness .
We ll never forget your kindness .
In case I forget please remind me .
I was the happiest man on earth .
Don t forget that we have homework .
Don t forget to write to me .
A single room with bath please .
She is all skin and bone .
I know that he went to London .
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal .
She has no less than ten children .
There is no factory in this village .
My dad keeps a journal every day .
Japan is a rich country .
She will make him a good wife .
I usually walk to school .
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder .
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder .
If it rains tomorrow I won t go to the picnic .
There s a telephone in my room .
According to today s paper there was a fire in the city .
It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale .
Tears rolled down my cheeks .
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat .
Furniture made of good materials sells well .
He would have succeeded had he tried .
Be kind to little animals .
I owe my success to his help .
You don t have enough push .
A forest fire broke out in this area .
I wear contact lenses .
When I got up this morning it was raining .
Don t run across the street .
We sat in total silence .
The door was suddenly opened by Mike .
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings .
Did you hear the news ?
The train gathered speed .
I buy the goods at a dozen .
I will wait until she comes .
Ann gave me this present .
I ll work as long as I live .
My brother has been living in London for many years .
My heart began to beat fast .
He is always on time for an appointment .
She hurried to the station so that she wouldn t miss the train .
Is there any difference between your idea and hers ?
The injured were removed from the scene .
Men and women between the ages of and have the most stressful lives .
He promised me that he won t tell anybody .
Can I speak with the teacher ?
May I speak with the teacher ?
I told her not to let go of the rope but she did .
A gentleman wouldn t do such a thing .
I want to have my own room .
She s fond of taking pictures .
She likes taking pictures .
He is by no means bright .
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around .
Whenever the boss is around he plays at being busy .
Whenever the boss is around he pretends to be busy .
He represented our company at the conference .
He attended the meeting as the company representative .
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist .
I attended the party just to be sociable .
Seiko has no sisters .
I like English Breakfast tea the best .
Knowledge is power but it is power for evil just as much as for good .
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job .
In the last typhoon the wind blew at over kilometers per hour !
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep .
Cathy can speak French and German .
She gave me a pretty doll .
Spring came on .
A yield is guaranteed on the investment .
If you have any money please lend me some .
He has no house to live in .
The cause of the fire is not known .
What did you say ?
He is living apart from his wife .
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling .
That sounds really interesting .
That sounds interesting .
This sounds very interesting .
Was the book interesting ?
The movie was interesting .
This book looks interesting .
This book seemed interesting .
A girl phoned me .
This soup is too salty to eat .
The report is not to be depended upon .
The tower can be seen from here .
Is there a museum in this town ?
It was cloudy that night .
My sister sings songs very well .
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue .
Where are you ?
I m tired of watching television .
Do you know the meaning of this word ?
I don t want to get you into trouble .
I haven t eaten breakfast yet .
He may well be fired .
I usually get home by six o clock .
I d like to have a word with you .
The baby was sleeping in the cradle .
A long day has passed on .
Little did they dream of losing the game .
There were only six people at the meeting .
Time is short we must act NOW .
She showed me around the campus .
I had to look after the children .
We spent the day in the open air .
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic .
What was his motive for doing it ?
I m sick of listening to her complaints .
 Would you mind shutting the door ? No not at all . 
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam .
Mother prepared us lunch .
Wrong .
Heaven knows why .
I have four times more CDs than you do .
We will be together forever .
Now that she has quit her job we can t depend on her .
I finished the work yesterday .
Monday through Friday are work days in this company .
Correct the errors if there are any .
Correct errors if any .
Correct the underlined words .
Please correct my pronunciation .
Is my answer correct ?
Your answer is correct .
Correct the following sentences .
Is your watch correct ?
The two answers are both correct .
This sentence is grammatically correct .
This watch keeps correct time .
My watch is not correct .
Please check the correct answer .
That is almost correct .
His opinion is generally correct .
I think your answer is correct .
Wearing glasses should correct your vision .
Correct my spelling if it s wrong .
Correct me if I am wrong .
Correct me if I am mistaken .
Correct me if I m wrong .
Nobody could give the correct answer .
You are correct in thinking so .
However the quantity was not correct .
I guarantee that this information is correct .
Am I correct in thinking thus ?
His action throughout was correct .
He writes correct English .
You are correct in your judgement .
Your pronunciation is more or less correct .
Strictly speaking the theory is not correct .
Strictly speaking his answer is not correct .
See if my answer is correct .
I had Mr Jones correct my composition .
A clock must be above all correct .
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate .
If you see a mistake then please correct it .
Your answer isn t correct . Try again .
All that you say is perfectly correct .
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg .
The sign means that the answer is correct .
I m not sure if this is correct .
She is a very correct lady .
This course will help you master correct pronunciation .
In this case I think he is correct .
You should have Mr Green correct your English pronunciation .
My first impression of him proved to be correct .
Here s a big map of Germany .
March will be my last day of school .
The taxi has arrived .
It is warmer today than yesterday .
The boss has a good opinion of your work .
Is this fish still alive ?
I saw a light in the distance .
What has brought you here ?
Tom has no manners .
There goes our bus .
The sky is full of stars .
A Mr . Tanaka came to see you yesterday .
It is true that she is pretty but she is selfish .
Horses are useful animals .
The horse is a useful animal .
A map helps us to know where we are .
We have no choice but to go .
Would be convenient for you ?
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident .
Don t bother your parents with such a pointless thing .
Study English every day .
When I met my former teacher he inquired after my parents .
I became aware of someone looking at me .
Happy birthday to you !
Happy birthday !
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was .
He s really in good shape .
My grandfather is five times as old as I am .
He wrote three books in as many years .
He would have his own way .
The service in this restaurant is none too fast .
The toy department is on the fifth floor .
She closed all the windows in the room .
Where is the information counter ?
We are husband and wife .
We are a couple .
He laughed a hearty laugh .
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides .
You cannot take back what you have said .
But his friends call him Ken .
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime .
If today was Sunday I would go fishing .
It wasn t until I heard him speak that I recognized him .
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm .
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining .
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers .
He shook his son by the shoulder .
You can t lift the piano .
Can I get you something to drink ?
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday .
You needn t have bought that book .
He is very depressed .
He is depressed .
He s feeling really low .
The price of vegetables varies from day to day .
His bike ran into a guard rail .
I was at a loss what to say .
Next time you come don t forget to give it back to me .
I met him the other day .
Your conduct is absolutely shameful .
We went due north .
The weather will delay the start of the race .
A dragon is a creature of fancy .
You will soon get to like him .
A big bomb fell and a great many people lost their lives .
The only person who s looking forward to Miss Cobb s return .
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb .
If you should die what would become of your family ?
He lived in France for some time then went to Italy .
Who is the man that you were talking with ?
What s your real purpose ?
He claimed to be an expert in finance .
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time .
English is a very important language in today s world .
Mary swims as fast as Jack .
You arrived at the moment I left .
He loves to fish .
You can stay as long as you like .
Do you know my brother Masao ?
The fire reduced the house to ashes .
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather .
Education starts at home .
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer .
It can t be true .
I was a high school student at that time .
He s very smart and he s handsome too .
She has lost weight .
I got up at seven this morning .
Her apology was nothing but show .
That makes no sense at all .
That doesn t make sense .
It makes no sense at all .
Get serious .
Both of my sisters are married .
He lives by himself .
He lives alone .
He s an excellent tennis player .
I trust Ken .
Look at the large building over there .
He doesn t know any one of us .
He doesn t know any of us .
He studied hard in order to get into college .
I hear you passed the entrance exam . Congratulations !
He was absent from school yesterday .
It is raining .
It s raining .
Dad ! Mom ! I have some great news for you !
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity .
She has many faults but I trust her none the less .
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow .
I ve never been beyond Okayama .
He used to get up early when he was young .
Any student with an I .D . card has access to the library .
She laid herself on the grass .
You may stay here as long as you like .
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis .
You should be careful in your choice of friends .
He talked with his eyes shining .
The fire went out by itself .
He deprived my little sister of all her toys .
Brush your teeth clean .
There is not a scrap of truth in his words .
In relation to this I am to blame .
He is afraid of his father .
He is afraid of Father .
She has got over her illness .
I d like to say yes but . . .
You have no heart .
I see why you don t want to go there .
He teaches in a girls high school .
Has he lived here for two years ?
What do you mean ?
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet .
Lesson Two is easy .
He looked in at the door .
In the name of mercy stop crying .
He put the books on the shelf out of order .
My mother is certain to say no .
Excuse me I m lost .
She opened the window even though I told her not to .
I have some time but never very much . . .
When was this university founded ?
What is your name ?
What s your name ?
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase .
Today I went to the dentist s .
I want to go somewhere in Europe .
Those old laws were all done away with .
He was more than a king .
How about a cup of tea or something if you aren t in a hurry ?
Each individual is different .
Careful as he was he made an unexpected mistake .
My father died of cancer .
The prince was lost in the woods .
He said with a perplexed expression I ve heard nothing so I can t say anything . 
She gave them some apples .
Would you speak more slowly please ?
Could you speak more slowly ?
Even if it rains I ll go swimming tomorrow .
How do you like your coffee ? Strong and black ?
How many people do you think have an ear for music ?
Necessity knows no law .
Ten years have gone by since his death .
I will make a man of you .
I m afraid it ll rain tonight .
One should love one s own mother .
Please answer me .
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech .
His appearance deceived me .
The unhappy event made him put an end to himself .
She is not in the least worried about her test scores .
It doesn t matter whether she admits her guilt or not .
There s very little paper left .
Why don t you have your motorcycle fixed up ?
Why not go to the movies ?
The rain is raining all around .
He made a robot .
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday .
I ll buy a pen for him .
She is busy at present and can t speak to you .
He promised me to pay back the money .
They are after happiness .
Live a riotous life .
I like lyric better than epic .
I want to have a telephone installed .
What did you eat for breakfast ?
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter .
Get out of my life !
I don t ever want to see you again .
She told us not to make a noise .
Less noise please .
The noise woke me .
This noise is annoying .
His son is serving his sentence .
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall .
She demanded to see the manager .
Bill called me last night .
Do you agree with what he says in the book ?
I have to go shopping .
Many young men went to war .
He is watching TV .
He has a wife and two young children to provide for .
I just opened the lid and a foul smell filled my nose .
Spanish is her native language .
Spanish is her mother tongue .
It snowed from Monday to Friday .
I am a new student .
I m a new student .
Give me a little money .
I bought a few eggs and a little milk .
I d like to invite you to the party .
He cannot be ill .
People of all ages like this song .
You re a new student ?
He is a doctor by profession .
Generally speaking women are better linguists than men .
Let me do that .
He is a Japanese boy .
The weather suddenly got warmer .
Please move back .
Stand back please .
Would you come here a moment ?
He spent the evening reading a book .
He spent the evening reading .
He kept me waiting .
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling .
The train is to arrive on time .
He will have to go to the station .
Someone knocked on the door .
Fuck you !
He died yesterday .
He died yesterday .
He died yesterday .
Dead men tell no tales .
What did you say ? Dead ?
I love her so much I could die .
He died aged years .
He died when he was years old .
She died when she was years old .
She died at the age of .
He died at the age of .
An old woman was burnt to death .
You re all cowards .
You re all chickenshits .
You don t have to worry about her anymore .
The cat is sitting on the table .
I m sitting on the sofa .
Knock before entering the bathroom .
Please wash your hands after using the bathroom .
Christmas is approaching .
The new year drew closer .
The enemy won t get close .
We can t get close to the enemy .
What is this ?
What s this ?
What s this ?
My surname is Zhou .
I am delighted to have met you today .
Yoko avoided answering my question .
May I ask your name ?
Who is he ?
I m Shanghainese .
Where do you work ?
May I ask where you work ?
She is a particularily interesting person .
Oil and water don t mix .
That market has been rapidly expanding .
I m looking for my key .
I reminded him of his interview with the president .
Anyone can use this dictionary .
Ann is a little girl .
I lost my way and what was worse it began to rain .
But he wanted a son very much .
The patient got better little by little .
We ran around the park .
The nurse attended the patient .
Keep a good heart and go on writing .
The water in this river is very clean .
We have had lots of typhoons this fall .
Whose are these pens ?
Don t make the same mistake again .
Tom wants to be a pilot .
They stood talking for a long time .
From the practical point of view there are many shortcomings in his plan .
It s a cold day isn t it ?
Having failed many times he never gave up the plan .
The accident almost cost him his life .
I like playing the piano .
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake .
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake .
My father has gone to America .
Signing off gonna take a shower .
Break for bath food back in about minutes !
Unable to sense the situation .
It s not what you wear it s how you wear it .
I know they re in love with each other .
It s on the tip of my tongue .
It s on the tip of my tongue .
It s on the tip of my tongue .
There s no love without jealousy .
Love is never without jealousy .
It s up to you .
It s up to you .
Filth breeds illnesses .
It is better to do well than to say well .
Actions speak louder than words . Stop complaining and do it .
My way is action not words .
It s not fair ! I have to do the hard work !
A misfortune befell him .
You should try to forget your unhappy past .
You should try to forget your unhappy past .
I don t think she is fit for the job .
What is important is not what you do but the way you do it .
Which is the best hotel in the town ?
I feel like throwing up .
Look at the picture at the top of the page .
Show me what you bought .
I saw you with a tall boy .
He is no more foolish than you are .
All the events described in this story are imaginary .
We have just cleaned the lavatory .
I am going to do it whether you agree or not .
Whether you agree or not I m going to do it .
I am going to do it whether you agree or not .
I don t object to your going out to work but who will look after the children ?
You can t apply this rule to every case .
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time who still questions the power of our democracy tonight is your answer .
It s the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen . By people who waited three hours and four hours many for the first time in their lives because they believed that this time must be different that their voices could be that difference .
For how long are you in Shanghai ?
It s the answer spoken by young and old rich and poor Democrat and Republican black white Hispanic Asian Native American gay straight disabled and not disabled . Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states . We are and always will be the United States of America .
Look this is my business card .
It s the answer that led those who ve been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day .
It s been a long time coming but tonight because of what we did on this day in this election at this defining moment change has come to America .
A little bit earlier this evening I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain . Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign . And he s fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves . He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine . We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader .
I congratulate him I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they ve achieved . And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation s promise in the months ahead .
I want to thank my partner in this journey a man who campaigned from his heart and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on the train home to Delaware the vice president elect of the United States Joe Biden .
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last years the rock of our family the love of my life the nation s next first lady Michelle Obama .
Sasha and Malia ! I love you both more than you can imagine . And you have earned the new puppy that s coming with us to the White House .
And while she s no longer with us I know my grandmother s watching along with the family that made me who I am . I miss them tonight . I know that my debt to them is beyond measure . To my sister Maya my sister Alma all my other brothers and sisters thank you so much for all the support that you ve given me . I m grateful to them .
To my chief strategist David Axelrod who s been a partner with me every step of the way . To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics ! You made this happen and I am forever grateful for what you ve sacrificed to get it done .
But above all I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to . It belongs to you . It belongs to you .
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office . We didn t start with much money or many endorsements . Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington . It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston . It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give and and to the cause .
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation s apathy who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep .
It drew strength from the not so young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people by the people and for the people has not perished from the Earth .
This is your victory .
And I know you didn t do this just to win an election . And I know you didn t do it for me . You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead . For even as we celebrate tonight we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime two wars a planet in peril the worst financial crisis in a century .
Even as we stand here tonight we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us .
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they ll make the mortgage or pay their doctor s bills or save enough for their child s college education .
There s new energy to harness new jobs to be created new schools to build and threats to meet alliances to repair .
The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even in one term . But America I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there .
I promise you we as a people will get there .
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . I will listen to you especially when we disagree . And above all I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation the only way it s been done in America for years block by block brick by brick calloused hand by calloused hand .
There will be setbacks and false starts . There are many who won t agree with every decision or policy I make as president . And we know the government can t solve every problem .
What began months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night . This victory alone is not the change we seek . It is only the chance for us to make that change . And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were . It can t happen without you without a new spirit of service a new spirit of sacrifice . So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism of responsibility where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other .
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything it s that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers .
In this country we rise or fall as one nation as one people . Let s resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long .
Let s remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House a party founded on the values of self reliance and individual liberty and national unity . Those are values that we all share . And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress .
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours we are not enemies but friends . Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection .
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn I may not have won your vote tonight but I hear your voices . I need your help . And I will be your president too .
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores from parliaments and palaces to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world our stories are singular but our destiny is shared and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand .
To those who would tear the world down we will defeat you .
To those who seek peace and security . We support you . And to all those who have wondered if America s beacon still burns as bright tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth but from the enduring power of our ideals democracy liberty opportunity and unyielding hope .
That s the true genius of America that America can change . Our Union can be perfected . What we ve already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow .
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations . But one that s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta . She s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing Ann Nixon Cooper is years old .
She was born just a generation past slavery . A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky when someone like her couldn t vote for two reasons because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin .
And tonight I think about all that she s seen throughout her century in America . The heartache and the hope the struggle and the progress . The times we were told that we can t and the people who pressed on with that American creed Yes we can .
At a time when women s voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot . Yes we can .
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal new jobs a new sense of common purpose . Yes we can .
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved . Yes we can .
She was there for the buses in Montgomery the hoses in Birmingham a bridge in Selma and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that We Shall Overcome . Yes we can .
A man touched down on the moon . A wall came down in Berlin . A world was connected by our own science and imagination .
And this year in this election she touched her finger to a screen and cast her vote because after years in America through the best of times and the darkest of hours she knows how America can change .
America we have come so far . We have seen so much . But there is so much more to do . So tonight let us ask ourselves if our children should live to see the next century if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper what change will they see ? What progress will we have made ?
Yes we can .
This is our chance to answer that call . This is our moment . This is our time to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth that out of many we are one that while we breathe we hope . And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can t we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people .
Thank you . God bless you . And may God bless the United States of America .
I don t speak Japanese .
Great !
Great !
I was very tired so I went to bed early .
I m worried for you .
I m worried about you .
We are worried about you .
He is in college .
Happy are those who love flowers .
You may well not remember but I ll never forget it .
As for me there is nothing more I want to say .
He is a doctor .
The girl was always following her mother .
 This is what I was looking for ! he exclaimed .
I never say what is not true .
I never lie .
She is poor but she looks happy .
She is poor but happy .
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy .
He felt alienated from society .
He promised to return and yet he didn t .
How fast the new Shinkansen goes !
He can speak French not to mention English .
He raised his hand in order that the taxi might stop .
I can type words a minute .
Enjoy your life while you are able to .
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold .
I ve been to the seaside by car .
I don t drink much wine .
I got up about five .
My sister is crazy about tennis .
I have been in Paris .
I have been to Paris .
May I leave school early today ?
Let s put a stop to this discussion .
I look forward to seeing you again very soon .
She solved the problem with ease .
I don t know whether you like her or not .
I love Nara particularly in the fall .
Can you change the room for me ?
Welcome .
Come in .
Come in .
Come in .
Come on in .
The brake stopped working .
Charge this bill to me .
She was wearing a black hat .
She s wearing a black hat .
When do we arrive ?
How did your interview go ?
You can t park your car here .
He married Ann .
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment .
It is hard to convince John .
Don t forget to take an umbrella in case it rains .
Man consists of soul and body .
I ve found something amazing !
I always got up early in my childhood .
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March due to personal reasons .
The story was amusing .
Never confuse pity with love .
It helped me a lot .
The second button of your shirt is coming off .
He threw the ball against the wall .
He tossed the ball towards the wall .
The trouble is that you are too young .
Whatever he may say I won t change my mind .
A good idea occurred to me just then .
I have breakfast at seven every morning .
As far as I know he has never made such a mistake .
Have you seen any movies lately ?
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago .
He won the third prize .
To defend ourselves we had to tell a lie .
I took it that you would come .
She got out of the taxi at the department store .
He was a weak and delicate child .
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job .
I don t know at all why he quit his job suddenly .
I haven t got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly .
This is a historic city .
Butter is made from milk .
I heard a dog barking in the distance .
I heard a dog barking in the distance .
They went along the street singing the song .
Would you like to order ?
She said she will go to Paris in August .
I m done up .
I m done up .
I can t walk any farther .
I can t go any farther .
I can t go any farther .
I can t walk any further .
I m not sure I can afford it .
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks .
Let s leave her alone .
Is it still raining ?
This word has two meanings .
Mary is both intelligent and kind .
This pen belongs to me .
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love .
There are pretty flowers in the garden .
I have a feeling you ll be a very good lawyer .
I have been studying English for three years .
The rear view mirror fell off .
Nothing can be worse than that .
How can we abolish war ?
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks .
He didn t say a word .
I found the book by accident .
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school .
I had my leg hurt while playing football .
He has an interest in collecting insects .
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before .
My wife told me to do away with this old hat .
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away .
I chose this dictionary of my own accord .
Bourbon is made from corn .
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement .
But I want a car .
It s Monday .
It s Monday today .
It is Monday today .
Today is Monday .
Joking aside how are things going ?
She looked all around .
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor s .
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor s .
However it seems that just because it s a low risk day doesn t mean that you won t get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation .
She looked all around .
She looked all around .
Englishmen are on the whole conservative .
It was raining and Joe s long hair was completely wet by the time he got home .
Our teacher is always on time for class .
Divide these apples between you three .
Would you care for some more cake ?
He has much more money than I have .
Joking aside how are things going ?
She turned over the page with excitement .
Would you care for some more cake ?
Divide these apples between you three .
There seems no need to help that country .
In addition to being a great statesman Churchill was a great writer .
Refer to the dictionary as often as possible .
It is no wonder that he failed .
The hungry baby did nothing but cry .
That song always reminds me of my childhood .
I don t care much for coffee .
Go straight ahead along this street .
Go straight ahead along this street .
Don t be late for school tomorrow .
Don t be late to school tomorrow .
I vowed that I would never speak to her again .
He has dubbed in Avatar .
My view was different from his as to what should be done .
Shocked by the events of September th politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed .
Dinner is ready so we can eat whenever we want .
She didn t reply .
Don t lie to me !
Don t try to trick me !
Don t cheat me !
She didn t answer .
The price is reasonable .
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms .
You should get yourself a new car now .
I like a solitary walk .
I live in Japan .
I m lucky today .
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father .
It is thirty years since we married .
We ve been married for years .
The professor grinned .
The professor smiled a little .
The professor smiled slightly .
I like a solitary walk .
I saw him three years ago .
A woman asked me for directions .
I vowed that I would never speak to her again .
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful .
As I returned from school yesterday I was caught in a sudden shower .
The fire spread out in a fan shape .
Tomorrow is Christmas .
He is British .
Boil chestnuts for at least minutes .
This newspaper is free .
This is a free newspaper .
He reads the newspaper every morning .
Where is the newspaper ?
I do not play the piano .
He has nothing in him .
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox .
We had our vacation at the lake .
Roger works from morning till night .
Children grow up so quickly .
My room is a mess .
I ll call by the post office on the way home .
Look at the house with the red roof .
I don t know anything about Japan .
I will keep you warm .
What does that word mean ?
I must make an apology to her .
What s the weather like in New York ?
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is ?
What does this word mean ?
Which would you rather have tea or coffee ?
I came near to being drowned .
Quite a few students are absent today .
Please look at that red roofed house .
I ll pay you back once I receive my salary .
How blue the sky is !
My hat is bigger than Jim s .
She asked me if I knew his address .
They attained their purpose at last .
I remember him as a cute bright little boy .
The ice in the water melted .
I went into the air force .
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents .
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday .
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle .
The ground is still wet .
This desk is used by Tom .
The girl talking with John is Susan .
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo ?
Japan is full of surprises !
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook .
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook .
You ll catch cold in such thin clothing .
You ll catch cold in such thin clothing .
They believed that the earth was flat .
They will find out sooner or later .
Would you mind mailing this letter for me ?
I m very tired from working all day .
My job is taking care of the baby .
All you have to do is follow his advice .
My grandfather gave me a birthday present .
Is there a mall near here ?
He repeated his name slowly .
I was a baby in those days .
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news .
You re right .
You re so beautiful !
I m happy to see you .
Nice to see you .
I m happy to see you .
She is known as the Japanese Picasso .
The keys are on the table .
He seldom if ever comes .
Why do you like coffee strong ?
He s able to speak Japanese .
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live .
They give presents to one another .
You shouldn t have told her such a thing .
Why would you marry a woman if you like men ?
She is a woman of great beauty .
As the sun rose the fog disappeared .
I was in Canada then .
I think that you re wrong .
The summer vacation is only a week away .
You should choose your friends very carefully .
You should choose your friends very carefully .
I made a big mistake in choosing my wife .
Will he get well soon ?
I don t know how to operate this computer .
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon .
Mummy cried .
You helped Mommy ?
You ll catch it from Mummy .
My eyelid feels hot .
You must bear it in mind .
No man is without his faults .
Summarize the contents in English words .
This pair of shoes doesn t fit me .
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan .
We are anxious for peace .
We sat in the center of the room .
He comes to visit us every now and then .
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery .
Could I get some water please ?
He is very much ashamed of having behaved so badly .
Dad bought me a camera .
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults .
What do you think we should do to make for world peace ?
He made a desk and two benches for us .
She lives in comfort .
The price of gold varies from day to day .
The ground is still wet . As likely as not the game will be cancelled .
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet .
This news is important to us .
He must be over sixty .
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment .
I couldn t keep my anger down .
Jane was a stewardess when she was young .
What would our lives be like without electricity ?
He is a quick witted man .
He is a quick witted man .
He makes good use of his time .
I didn t know that she was ill .
I didn t know she was ill .
Luckily she did not die .
Thankfully she did not die .
I am going to write about our parks and mountains .
She didn t mind doing the dishes .
This rule is applied to foreigners only .
He was the first to arrive .
They are engaged in cancer research .
I have two dogs . One is white and the other black .
French has many more vowels than Japanese .
He didn t die happily .
I like this picture not just because it is famous but because it really is a masterpiece .
Do you have any Japanese beer ?
They only sell women s shoes here .
His dream has come true at last .
That store sells newspapers and magazines .
That shop sells newspapers and magazines .
We won the battle .
All our efforts were in vain .
He was expelled from school .
Adversity makes a man wise not rich .
It seems that I have lost my keys .
May I see your passport please ?
She looked at me .
She looked at me .
Do you see her often ?
Follow your sister s example .
We still have plenty of time .
We still have a lot of time .
He earns twice as much as me .
We have run out of sugar .
Someone is at the front door . Go and see who it is .
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists .
She has a rich vocabulary of English words .
Hello I am Nancy .
We debated on the question of world population .
She is American but she lives in England .
The post office is adjacent to the library .
You must not despise someone because they are poor .
The fog began to disappear around ten o clock .
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents .
Nobody can control us .
She is good natured .
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner .
The driver increased his speed .
He was excluded from the club for infractions of the rules .
We need flour sugar and eggs to make this cake .
I would like to borrow fifty dollars from you .
How did you feel about the game ?
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret .
You will have to be responsible for what you ve done .
Let me help you .
Alice not knowing where to find the book asked her mother where it was .
We must provide for the future .
Oh really ? When did he leave ?
The weather was getting worse and worse .
I have my supper at a quarter past seven .
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain .
Divide the candies among you .
Above all you must take good care of yourself .
You ll get used to it soon .
During hot weather be sure to drink lots of water .
It s a very delicate question .
Have you learned the number by heart ?
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years .
I must apologize to Ann .
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me .
This is how I made the machine .
It ll take an hour to get there .
Take a short cut .
She has a good many friends here .
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates .
We have to get at the truth of the matter .
We are doing business with many countries .
Please wait until we get the results of the examination .
Who invented karaoke ?
The dog was wagging his tail .
It is too dark to see clearly .
He cannot so much as write his own name .
Every mother has affection for her child .
The conference is to be held in Tokyo .
As a child he went to Paris three times .
I met my teacher by accident at the restaurant last night .
He said to her under his breath I love you . 
I d like something to drink .
This meat is roasted well .
Even if you do not like it you must take charge of it .
Sean really greatly resembles Conner !
Are you a high school student ?
This tie and that jacket go well together .
There is little chance of my meeting him again .
John was married to Jane .
Whether you like it or not you ll have to do it .
Today s minimum temperature was C .
Today s low was degrees .
From childhood I was fond of reading and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books .
I am eighteen years old .
I m years old .
I am years old .
Don t forget to come here at seven tomorrow .
Time flies .
Where is your father ?
Where s your father ?
How about your father ?
Where s your father ?
I cannot speak English much less German .
The top of Mt . Fuji was covered with snow .
The summit of Mt . Fuji was covered in snow .
He is reasonable in his demands .
His request is very reasonable .
Not having dealt with such a problem they don t know what to do .
There is a bookstore in front of my house .
He died previous to my arrival .
My sister s work is teaching English .
So far as this matter is concerned I am completely satisfied .
Why can t you take things just as they are ?
Why do they say you have to learn English to survive ?
They are inquiring into the matter .
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results .
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in ?
Her honesty is beyond question .
It is close to seven o clock . We have to go to school .
Who is the owner of this house ?
You have your right sock on wrong side out .
You ll soon get accustomed to the work .
The computer is a recent invention .
Their trouble stems from a trifling matter .
Your plan is sure to succeed .
Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves .
Add salt and pepper to taste .
You have no one but yourself to blame .
We should always act in obedience to the law .
Lend money only to such as will repay it .
Have you ever seen a panda ?
Pandas feed on bamboo grass .
The glass is full of milk .
If I don t do it now I never will .
Good night . Sweet dreams .
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes .
There are a lot of things you don t know about my personality .
Perhaps you are right I have been selfish .
The tree was blown down .
You can buy whichever you like but not both .
He shut the door behind him .
You finally succeeded in getting a job .
Don t go near the dog .
Did you read it at all ?
How many siblings do you have ?
Kate s voice is clearly different from the other girls .
That textbook is out of date .
Please feel free to ask me questions .
Four multiplied by two is eight .
I ll never forget visiting Paris last summer .
I m busy because the finals are drawing on .
If I had bought the painting then I would be rich now .
Englishmen rarely talk to strangers in the train .
I wonder where he is hiding .
I don t want to go if you don t go with me .
By and by the party ended and everyone went home .
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago .
I regularly go to bed at nine .
I usually sleep at nine .
Is there any salt left ?
I cannot approve of your going out with him .
Rome is an old city .
I ll miss you very much if you go .
We must carry out the plan at once .
It is far from here to Tokyo .
She looked up at the sky .
I am convinced of your innocence .
They made him sign the contract against his will .
How do you account for your absence ?
You do such a thing once too often and get punished .
Advance two steps .
Some of the money was stolen .
You depend too much on others .
The fiction reduced girls to tears .
The class consists of fifty students .
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel .
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket .
He must have gotten over his cold .
How long have you lived here ?
Finally the discord between them came to an end .
I don t know how to swim .
Can t think of an answer ?
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake .
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel .
I love reading books .
That experiment was a failure .
I don t have any money .
I don t have any money .
A committee was constituted to investigate prices .
Those shoes won t do for climbing .
Please don t cut me off like that .
Tell me exactly where he lives .
Save for a rainy day .
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all .
This is the biggest cat that I ve ever seen .
The washing machine is a wonderful invention .
His coolness has alienated his friends .
Money counts for much in political circles .
Where is the elevator ?
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father s sudden death .
Do you have a plan ?
The baseball game was called off due to rain .
Turn up the radio . I can t hear it .
My house is only a mile from here .
Kate must be sick for she looks pale .
An old man sat next to me on the bus .
It will clear up soon .
But he didn t keep his promise .
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation .
English cannot be mastered overnight .
This medicine cured me of my cold .
You remind me of your father .
Has it stopped raining yet ?
Mrs . Brown wrote a book on politics .
Will you excuse me for just a moment ?
Smoking is not allowed in this room .
Ladies first .
Please come over with your wife .
It is dangerous to bathe in this river .
Do you want to get married first or have a child first ?
I have no more than ten English books .
I feel cold .
After ten minutes they passed on to a new topic .
He rested for a while .
He plays baseball every day .
Do you mind if I turn off the light ?
How about dining out tonight ?
I know him by sight but not by name .
A bird has wings .
Birds have wings .
I m sorry I love you .
I have no patience .
Whatever happens keep calm .
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education .
He wouldn t be available until four .
Your school is so kind to reimburse you for the return airfare .
If you know the answer to this question please tell me .
Are you a student ?
All horses are animals but not all animals are horses .
While all horses are animals not all animals are horses .
Are you bringing your camera ?
My hobby is fishing .
It s been pouring here for the last few days .
In other words he doesn t want to do it .
The swimming pool is open to the public .
It s fun to learn about foreign cultures .
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed .
Two s company but three s a crowd .
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas .
Thank you very much for your help .
Jim runs as fast as Ron .
If it is fine tomorrow we will play baseball .
No one trusts him any more .
She didn t dare to say anything at that time .
He won t get fat on his salary .
I won t lose !
Won t you go ?
It is clear that he is a great artist .
Is this your tape recorder ?
Two families live in that house .
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain .
The weather will be good tonight for sure .
You are sitting between Meg and me .
I am yet older than he is .
In comparison to him I am still older .
He cannot be trusted .
He can t be trusted .
We regret his death .
The way I see it he is right .
Nancy looks like my sister .
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with .
Nancy was the first girl to come .
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday .
Nancy is having a chat with her friends .
Does Nancy have to do her homework now ?
Does Nancy want to have a dog ?
This store is opened at eight .
I went home to change clothes .
I lent the record to Ken .
Though he is clever he isn t wise .
I ll stay here until ten .
I want you to come back early .
I could see nothing but fog .
Even if I grant that what you say is true it is no excuse .
I know about this project for the most part .
I will be free next Saturday .
My advice is predicated on my experience .
None of his students could solve the problem .
My uncle bought me this book .
He promised to bring new industries to the region but politicians rarely keep their word .
I don t want to share the hotel room with a stranger .
I feel like I am being forced to help her .
He knows a lot about butterflies .
The plane flew east .
They look pretty close .
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives .
The workers complained when their working hours were extended .
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased .
Give a lecture on literature .
When writing English she rarely makes a mistake .
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands .
Please give me a glass of water .
Overcome weakness .
It was like a bolt out of the blue .
I would like a less expensive double room .
I ll ring you up tonight .
Who is that person ?
Who is this person ?
I don t know what this word means .
It is not because I hate him but because I love him .
I regret going there .
The machine takes a lot of room .
The dream has come true .
The word is of great use to me .
She put off going to Mexico .
She seldom goes to that sort of place .
She seldom goes out .
She is seldom late for school .
She seldom eats breakfast .
She is rarely late for appointments .
She is rarely late .
She kept her eyes closed .
Has the fever gone down ?
Low temperatures turn water into ice .
What a lucky person he is !
This job is beyond my ability .
I want to study English .
The doctor advised me to give up smoking .
He eats a lot .
He s saving up to go to college .
Climbing this mountain is very difficult .
Their food was great last time .
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time .
Walk more slowly .
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money .
I worked hard in order to support my family .
I can pay no more than a week for rent .
I went home and Bill stayed at the office .
I m free .
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio .
I write poems in my free time .
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply .
I like to sing .
I like singing .
I m good at singing .
I hope to become a singer .
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday .
I am watering the flowers .
I need not have watered the flowers . Just after I finished it started raining .
I m going to exhibit my roses at the flower show .
In winter I wear an overcoat .
I don t know how to use an art file .art .
She decorated the wall with pictures .
I want to see them again .
I want to be more independent .
How was the universe formed ?
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business ?
I considered changing my job .
No matter how you say it I m not going to listen to you .
Nobody is perfect .
The sky was ablaze with fireworks .
I feel secure with him .
Forget it .
Give it up .
If there is somebody to back me up the business will be successful .
His paintings seem strange to me .
Those who are present are all Japanese .
He entered his room .
Children need a lot of sleep .
Be careful driving or you ll have problems .
Drive carefully or you ll run into trouble .
Do you speak Japanese ?
It s really easy for me to speak Japanese .
He was cleaning his room .
I ran as fast as I could .
I ran as fast as I could .
Mary took out the eggs one by one .
Even if he is busy he will come .
I don t know if it is true .
His words convey nothing at all to me .
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly .
Look up the words in your dictionary .
Please tell me how I can get in touch with him .
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up .
This passport is valid for five years .
The aurora is a phenomenon characteristic of the polar regions .
We believe he will succeed for he has talent .
My son can count up to a hundred now .
I was busy studying for the term exam .
Come on any day you like .
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party .
The old man looks sad .
Ted waited for her for a long time .
Eventually I d like to settle down and have a family but not yet .
You only have to try hard .
It was you that were wrong .
The cement will set in a couple of hours .
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body .
Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls .
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds .
It s pretty cold .
Strictly speaking the tomato is a fruit .
Strictly speaking this sentence is grammatically incorrect .
Practice makes perfect .
His action is against the law .
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth but soon it came to light .
Lay it on the table .
Do you mind if I smoke ?
The picture brought back a lot of memories .
The room looks different after I ve changed the curtains .
How are you getting along these days ?
No matter how cold it is outside the rooms are comfortably heated .
That is a matter of degrees .
It has some bearing on this problem .
Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut positions this year .
One third of the population of that country cannot read .
This scarf feels soft and smooth .
The moon is behind the clouds .
The mother kissed her baby .
He often asks silly questions .
The baby is sleeping .
The baby started to cry .
You ll be all right again in a couple of days .
She went home .
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday .
In culture they are on the same plane as savages .
With regards to culture you could say they re like barbarians .
We disputed for hours about what to write .
Whose umbrella is this ?
I found it difficult to get along with him .
A careless person is apt to make mistakes .
He became irritated .
Not only are you wrong but I am wrong too .
It looks as if he were sick .
I ll look you up when I visit New York .
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties .
Please tell her to call me back .
The girl did not like to wash dishes but she made the best of it .
This room is used by teachers .
He is fatter than when I last saw him .
They named the ship the Mayflower .
That old tradition has disappeared .
There was no choice but to sit and wait .
She was absorbed in writing a poem .
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper .
She smiled waving her hand .
I think you d better go on a diet .
I think you worry too much .
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day .
Kyouichi Saionji who he supposed would win the duel has lost .
I asked Tony a question .
This class is made up of thirty five pupils .
When did you visit Kyoto last ?
I ll go out after having dinner .
This measure is in accord with our policy .
We do not anticipate their buying a new car .
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil .
Everyone is ready .
Mary and I became good friends .
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old .
Could you lend me some money ? I m short of cash at the moment .
He was destined to become a great musician .
I m glad to see you .
It was a pleasure to meet you .
It s great to meet you .
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher .
He is a good student .
They excluded John from the club .
He pressed me for a prompt reply .
He was master of the situation .
What about going out for a meal ?
Want a drink ?
Did you read that thick book ?
I think he is a very kind man .
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair .
The music is difficult for grownups to understand .
Live in affluence .
 Can I use your dictionary ? Yes here you are . 
I have a firm belief in his innocence .
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky .
It s already eleven . It s high time you were in bed .
Dad is a hard worker .
That s absolute nonsense .
You d better go home as soon as possible .
Danger ahead .
Man is a creature of circumstances .
There is no TV in my room .
Do you feel like going to the theater ?
He will come into a large fortune .
I bet it s fine tonight .
Is my new hair style funny ?
I like spring the best .
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything .
Well let s start our work .
Everybody looked up to him .
A policeman came up to me .
He speaks English fairly well .
He stood there with his hat on .
We postponed the event .
He does not study hard but does very well at school .
The meeting was held here .
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company .
I think that Delbert is crazy .
I hope that you will like it .
This one is prettier .
Dorothy isn t in the office .
The wind is picking up .
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room .
Everything seems to go right with him .
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago .
The wheel began to roll slowly .
In these countries hunger is the rule .
The bridge saved us a lot of time .
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live .
It s very important to know how to let off steam living in this world .
He is swimming in the river .
He was tired then .
He has some experience in teaching English .
A fire broke out during that night .
You have many caring friends .
The sign says Exit . 
I prefer reading to writing .
You may go swimming or fishing .
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine .
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full .
She did it all by herself .
I owe him my life .
She is engaged to a rich man .
I always take a bath in the morning .
I can t recall her name at the moment .
I heard the leaves rustling .
I don t have a CD player but I bought the CD anyway .
Your English is too good to be in this class .
This is what I need .
John inherited a large fortune .
I want you to read this book .
This is a daily occurrence .
I don t care a bit about the future .
Will you listen to me for a few minutes ?
He confessed that he was guilty .
He leaves for China tomorrow .
He s leaving for China tomorrow .
The museum is open from Monday to Friday .
He was fined yen .
George sent me a birthday card .
I thought you had to get up by .
We should have taken the schedule into consideration .
I like to run .
I like jogging .
I like running .
He s a good person .
He s a good man .
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net .
She will get well soon .
Betty is a pretty girl isn t she ?
Compared to a computer a word processor has a single purpose .
The sky has gradually clouded over .
He knocked his opponent out .
I m sorry to trouble you but could you tell me the way to the station ?
This is a nice camera .
What would you recommend we eat ?
I enjoy watching soccer on TV .
Jack decided to cancel the reservations .
If you hurry you ll catch up with him .
You can eat lunch here in this room .
What did you come here so early for ?
How were your last exams ?
I was nearly hit by a car .
I will find you your lost ring .
You had better leave at once .
John likes to trade stamps with his friends .
This is too long .
It is possible that he will come to our party .
I don t want to be laughed at .
Look both ways before you cross the street .
Nice seeing you too .
He is not what he was .
I look to you for help .
She is getting prettier and prettier .
He has finally shown his true colors .
Much as I pitied him I could not help him .
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor .
My father is always getting angry .
Sometimes being overcautious in planning could upset the apple cart .
The British have a lot of respect for law and order .
Life has been so flat since I came here .
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen .
Don t tell anybody about the matter .
If you have time please drop in on us .
The Greeks used to worship several gods .
You may always use my dictionary .
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land .
Your shoes do not go with the suit .
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament .
Please telephone me when you have made up your mind what you want to do .
The boy lost his way in the forest .
I was exhausted after running the race .
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round .
He heard his name called from behind .
Do you listen to the radio at home every day ?
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me .
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot .
So it isn t hot at all .
Have you finished your homework yet ?
On entering a dark tunnel we could see nothing .
We are expecting an addition to our family .
What does this stand for ?
What does this mean ?
Can we effect a compromise ?
This bag is mine .
This handbag is mine .
Whenever I call he is out .
I do not read his novels .
This book is smaller .
She always writes down every word her teacher says .
We just arrived at the station .
He never takes any notice of what his father says .
He came after you left .
He came just after you left .
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning .
He died some years since .
That s why I told you not to go by car .
I wish you a long and happy married life .
Children were apt to invent their own games .
The population has doubled in the last five years .
Hearing the news he jumped out of his chair .
From the way they look I would say that they failed .
I am responsible for the mistake .
There s a Mr Kay wants to see you .
The prediction was falsified by the result .
He had to leave the village .
I m afraid we can t rule out the possibility that she may have the disease .
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl .
This watch is meant for you .
He says what he thinks regardless of other people s feelings .
I am certainly entitled to speak like this .
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum I only understand a few words so I can t join in the conversation .
I don t know what to do now .
My house looks to the south .
Prices have been rising steadily .
The fox hid in the hollow tree .
It s yen .
Follow the street for about meters and you will see a post office .
I d like to borrow fifty dollars from you .
She is always bright and smiling .
Our teacher warned him not to be late again .
Put the book back where you found it .
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door .
It s been raining all the time recently .
I don t have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car .
I don t dare ask the boss to borrow the car .
She got off at the next station .
Jack is one of my friends .
I prepared well for this examination .
He is gifted with perfect wisdom .
He sought shelter from the rain .
You must work hard if you want to succeed .
I have the blues today .
Coffee does harm to your stomach .
He is in poor health .
I was disappointed .
They may be playing in the park .
She was able to cook herself dinner after a fashion .
The train will arrive on time without fail .
I ll be back soon .
This tower commands a full view of the city .
The bag was too heavy for me to move .
We will help him if he asks us .
It s a dictionary .
I m afraid there isn t any coffee left .
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair .
I think it s true .
I think it true .
I think that it s true .
I don t know what it is .
Japan is a beautiful country .
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch .
On his arrival at the station he called a taxi .
He left an hour ago .
You re sick . You have to rest .
He wiped the sweat from his face .
She went out of the room .
The moon was above the horizon .
It s high time you left for school isn t it ?
You can t go out .
Look at the car made in Japan .
He always takes his time in everything that he does .
She lay awake all night .
I am determined to carry out this plan .
Am I hungry !
He has investigated the possibility of cooperation .
What must you do now ?
John came to Japan yesterday .
They are going off by plane tomorrow .
If your friend reminds you kindly of your faults take what he says not only pleasantly but thankfully .
This place isn t convenient to public transportation .
I want to eat fresh fish .
 Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room he thought .
She took her own life .
We are all liable to make mistakes .
What with fatigue and lack of sleep he has fallen ill at last .
Where s the bus stop ?
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition .
He wears his hair long .
He has long hair .
I m having some problems compiling this software .
Some of my classmates are pure noobs they know nothing about computing sciences .
Most developers hate debugging it s more fun to create bugs than to correct them .
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely .
I often use SSH to remotely connect to my computer .
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl ?
He could not go on a trip for lack of money .
Have you ever heard that song sung in French ?
Father set the alarm for six o clock .
We discussed gun control in social studies class .
You have nothing to fear .
He seemed to have been rich .
It was foolish of her to ask him for help .
The important thing is to call the police at once .
I think we had better wait for another minutes .
I paid dollars for the book .
What s the good of having a car if you don t drive ?
Before long she came into my room .
I used to play badminton but I don t anymore .
Let me get you something to drink .
Must this letter be written in English ?
I have many things to do now .
He had nothing to do with the case .
She s wearing eye shadow .
We regard him as an important man .
May the new year bring you happiness !
The group is made up of six members .
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it .
The young man decided to propose to her .
English is spoken in a lot of countries .
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health .
You needn t be ashamed because you failed the exam .
How many cars do you have ?
Tokyo is the capital of Japan .
Our club has three times as many members as yours .
The house requires repairs .
Read such books as can be easily understood .
He entirely lost his temper with me .
His income is three times larger than mine .
I ll let you know when she arrives .
We happened to meet her in the park .
I hear he s just begun looking for another job .
Strange to say his prediction has come true .
You ought to go by taxi or you might not get there in time .
It happened that we were in London .
What time will the game start ?
What time does the game start ?
I want to talk to him about it .
Go to your respective seats .
Welcome to San Francisco .
That aim is impossible to attain .
I have trouble putting up with his rude manner .
I have tried innumerable times to contact him .
If you have a cold you should get plenty of rest .
You ought to see a doctor .
The dog waited day after day for its master s return .
I watched the news on TV after supper .
This country has a mild climate .
Can you answer this question ?
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat .
I can t afford to buy a new car .
It will be dark by the time the police come here .
I m afraid you have to work overtime .
I go every year .
I see your mind s made up .
The accident caused traffic confusion .
He contemplated taking a trip to Paris .
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond .
Stop smoking .
My daughter is to get married in June .
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year .
I demanded that she should go .
This medicine should be taken every three hours .
At one time they lived in Nagoya .
We were surprised at the news .
It is wicked of you to do such things .
We must have respect for tradition .
To be a good batter you ve got to hang loose and follow your instincts .
That building is our school .
I live within walking distance of school .
Whose books are these ?
If you add to you get .
It is said that there is no life on Mars .
This coat is rainproof .
After I watched TV I went to bed .
All of a sudden I felt a sharp pain in my stomach .
I can t do two things at a time .
How far is it from here to your house ?
The ball bounded away into our neighbor s garden .
I am anxious to visit Britain once again .
You can swim but I can t .
Please call me at this number .
They have a growing population therefore they need more and more food .
What did you talk about ?
You might at least say thank you . 
They showed the scene in slow motion .
Were you scolded by your teacher ?
I have complete faith in my doctor .
Close the window will you ?
I run as fast as Jim .
He wrote a book on China .
He s behind the times in his methods .
How tall you are !
I tried many things but failed after all .
You shouldn t judge a man by his appearance .
The floor must be very clean .
The floor must be kept clean .
He will return within hours .
He has lived off his parents for ten years since he graduated from college .
I was fascinated by her sweet voice .
Can you tell me the time ?
Seen from space the earth is very beautiful .
Please do not enter the room without knocking .
Do not take any notice of him .
An Englishman would not use such a word .
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window .
I have been writing since two o clock without a break .
I was about to leave when you telephoned .
He speaks English better than I do .
You need to eat more fiber .
He is nothing more than an egoist .
We mustn t give way to these impudent demands .
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out .
I took you for Mrs . Brown .
I am not in the least interested in such a thing .
Her watch is ten minutes slow .
Happy New Year !
This is what he said .
I m sorry but I didn t catch what you said .
May I use your phone ?
He is a professor of English at Leeds .
Hello !
Hi .
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed .
It has greatly improved compared with what it was .
Compared to before it s already improved greatly .
It all depends on whether they will support us .
The cat didn t move a muscle .
No I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife .
Both his sisters are beautiful .
He had various experiences in his life .
He could not believe his ears .
How dare you speak like that to me ?
That country is rich in mineral resources .
They are very kind to me .
I met her during my stay in Mexico .
She turned down his proposal .
John s mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister .
She closely resembles her mother .
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives .
I didn t greet you because I mistook you for somebody else .
A stable economy is the aim of every government .
This clock seems to be malfunctioning .
Please let me know your new address .
You may have it for the asking .
I think the rumor is true .
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter .
To purchase a ticket you need to enter your personal details .
Women generally live longer than men .
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils .
I d like to reserve a flight to Vancouver .
You can t say no .
Your shoes are here .
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas .
I found the test difficult .
We are prepared for the worst .
I ll explain to you how to use it when I come back .
I m a nice guy .
I m a good person .
Sorry to trouble you .
Goodbye ! When you have more time come back and play !
So I ll come see you off .
I need a little help from you .
I m too ashamed .
Thank you !
Thank you .
No prob .
No problem .
Stay for a while .
It doesn t matter !
Do you want to go ?
My name is Wang Jiaming .
She is Li Ying .
Where are you from ?
Where does he come from ?
He comes from Hangzhou .
I ve been here for a while .
Can you speak Shanghainese ?
I understand it a little but I can t speak it .
What s your blood group ?
What s your blood type ?
Who is this person ?
It used to be thought that the earth was flat .
It was believed that the earth was flat .
Previously people believed the earth was flat .
What he says always corresponds with what he does .
The house gave no sign of life .
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun .
I wonder who invented it .
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures .
He had an accident on his way home .
We carried on the discussion till late at night .
This knife won t cut well .
This knife is not sharp enough .
What season do you like the best ?
Tell her to come at noon .
He went out in spite of the rain .
I was lonely without her .
Few people know how to do it .
I can t agree with your opinion .
It s a sunflower .
I am getting off at the next station .
I m getting off at the next station .
Are you interested in politics ?
I see the dog almost every day .
No news is good news .
See you about .
She gets up at seven .
Man is the only animal that can speak .
No fewer than passengers were killed .
How much was your new computer ?
I made a decision to study abroad .
This salad tastes of lemon .
Your smile always makes me happy .
All the people present were moved by his speech .
He overslept this morning .
They went along and along but they couldn t seem to find just the right place .
After searching and asking around they still couldn t find a suitable place .
Such an idea is abhorrent to her .
She really hates this kind of thinking .
She really hates this way of thinking .
They came at an inconvenient time .
Excuse me but is this the right way to the subway station ?
Emily ate tofu at dinner .
It is getting warmer and warmer .
How about adding a little bit more salt ?
The more we have the greater our desire will be .
She is very fond of flowers .
She was carrying a basket full of flowers .
She spends as much money as she earns .
We didn t notice her sorrow .
You should distinguish between right and wrong .
Tell me why you want to go there .
He seems to be asleep .
As it is prices are going up every week .
I went to bed later than usual .
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks .
It is terrible weather today .
He wasn t given any reward for his service .
He is not as young as he looks .
We may well have rain this evening .
I cannot recommend her as a secretary .
He put on his glasses and began to read .
He knows every inch of this area .
She has faults but I love her none the less .
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen .
However hard you try you can t finish it in a week or so .
This mountain scenery is very beautiful .
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful .
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving .
This rule doesn t apply to every case .
I felt hungry .
I m getting hungry .
I m hungry !
Tom likes cheese .
Why ?
When did you get up ?
When will you come home ?
When will you return home ?
We cleared a path through the woods .
What do you call your father ?
The reply came after three days .
This is the most delicious apple .
If I had wings I would fly to you .
This car is like new .
Latin is a dead language .
I have many friends .
An apple a day keeps the doctor away .
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack .
You can go if you want to .
Each child was given a present .
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples .
He is fond of this kind of music .
He can t do this kind of work and she can t either .
He keeps this gun loaded .
He took up golf this spring .
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance .
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays ?
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy .
They quarreled .
Grandmother s ashes are in an urn at the temple .
I love you .
I have no idea what you mean .
I don t understand what you re trying to say .
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms .
What the hell is this ?
What s this ?
What is that ?
Foreign people are amusing .
Foreign people intrigue me .
Bottoms up !
Cheers !
If I were you I would do the same .
If you want to study in the United States you need to get a student visa .
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak .
Don t forget to sweep the kitchen clean .
The writer is working on a new book .
My wife is always finding fault with me .
He asked her to marry him but she refused .
There s no point in taking a camera .
Here is your appointment card .
I think you re right .
I have an appointment with him at six .
I have no idea what you mean .
He is tall and handsome .
He studies French and web design .
When man and woman unite work is no longer as tiring .
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes and so the two of them decided to eat out .
Sometimes I walk to work and sometimes I ride my bike because I live very close to work .
While he was waiting for the train he listened to music and sent text messages .
I called you on the one hand to invite you out to eat and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married .
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner on the other to tell you my son is getting married .
No one can tell the reason .
Dinner will be ready soon .
Thank you for sending me a nice card .
I can t afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant .
You should work hard .
Whoever said so it is false .
I can hardly hear you .
She talked a lot .
She talks a lot .
May I join you ?
A minute has sixty seconds .
I am eating an apple .
She was ill with heart disease .
If you didn t eat the cake I made then your sister did .
The cake I made was not eaten by you it was eaten by your sister .
It was not you who ate the cake I made it was your sister .
This isn t Mandarin it s Shanghainese .
I d rather die than see you cry .
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire .
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide .
He is a genius .
She was there in the morning .
Which do you like better physics or chemistry ?
Two men were fighting on the street .
The rain shows no sign of stopping .
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply .
I am quite ignorant of the plan .
I know nothing about this project .
I live in this house by myself .
Can I ride this horse for a while ?
There must be something at the back of this matter .
Paul s success was a myth .
I will go on foot .
She was in despair when her husband died .
He never goes out after dark .
We walked along the shore of the lake .
We walk along the lakeside .
We ll cross that bridge when we come to it .
She can speak Spanish .
I lost the watch .
I am a university student .
We celebrated his birthday .
Are you hungry ?
Yes you need to practice every day .
So sorry to keep you waiting so long .
I want to sleep .
Not only can he speak Mandarin but Shanghainese as well .
You re beautiful and intelligent how is it possible that no man is chasing after you ?
I will tell her what to say at the meeting .
Due to bad weather the plane was late .
Although I have been studying Chinese for years there are still a lot of words I do not know .
Even though I really want to know his name I don t have enough courage and I m afraid to go ask .
If you learn Chinese well you can go study in China .
Only if you come will she come to my birthday party .
That dog runs very fast .
This dog runs fast .
May I bother you for a moment ?
It is no joke .
It s not a joke .
This bird cannot fly .
This bird can t fly .
I have a dog and two cats .
This is definitely the best way .
It is very cold here .
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago ?
Everybody knows his name .
Why doesn t he come back ?
 Thank you . You re welcome . 
The company employs workers .
Everyone thinks so .
Everyone had a good time at the party .
I will start working on July first .
John left for France yesterday .
Make a copy of this report .
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten .
Have you eaten yet ?
Over and over again he read the letter she had mailed him but he still did not understand it .
I m so tired that I m going to bed as soon as I get home .
I want to go abroad .
Excuse me I m lost .
I have seen a star today .
She was tricked yet again .
When I was my brother left our home .
She is not the victim .
Dad s always encouraging him .
I don t want to celebrate my birthday .
Whenever I hear this song I think of his smile .
I have many friends .
Where is the entrance to the museum ?
He needs money .
When is your birthday ?
I still need to go to Pudong at .
Excuse me what time is it ?
Excuse me who is this woman ?
We don t know him .
He is my friend . Do you guys know him ?
This is Mr . Smith .
Finish your homework faster so that we can play video games .
Today I m working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning .
The Chinese government controlled the internet to prevent the people from knowing the truth of the Tiananmen Square Massacre .
I want a cup of tea .
She finally fell asleep .
Don t be too strict . They re just kids .
He has three daughters .
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight .
We are the first to arrive .
Are you through with the work ?
I should say he won t come .
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble .
There still remains much to be done .
There s still plenty that needs to be done .
What is happening ?
Out of sight out of mind . When you re separated you lose touch .
If you concentrate all your energies on the study of English you will master the language .
This poem was originally written in French .
I am halfway through this detective story .
Never use a cannon to kill a fly .
No thank you . I m so full .
What day is it today ?
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown ?
Was last month November ?
What month is this ?
Will the weather be good tomorrow ?
It will snow tomorrow .
I need your help .
I ve already been here two hours .
One of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching .
I ve heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended is that true ?
A nail penetrated the car tyre .
I was laughed at by everyone .
No matter who it was that wrote this book he s very clever .
This machine is too heavy for me to carry .
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan .
Welcome .
When you shake hands with somebody you must look him in the eye .
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough .
The weather varies from day to day .
That s just an excuse .
He has a house of his own .
The judge sentenced him to one year s imprisonment .
I believe you like your job .
There s no need to panic . There s plenty of time .
I broke your ashtray .
You did not say so .
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on .
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion .
The picture was taken by him .
 He went out to see a movie . How was the movie ? Good . 
That dress seems to be very expensive .
First of all you should talk it over with your parents .
A bad habit once formed is difficult to get rid of .
This book is worth reading .
Paul telephoned just now .
Please write about your real experience .
But he was lucky .
He took up his pen and began to write .
This watch is shock proof .
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment .
I remember meeting him in Paris .
If you do not go fishing tomorrow I will not either .
My throat burns .
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice .
Twenty years is a long time .
The noise is getting louder and louder .
My stomach is growling .
As I am off duty today let s go to the beach .
Walking along the street I met an old friend .
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight .
She saved a hundred dollars .
This is a very important meeting . You ought not to miss it .
There were not many present .
We had better go home rather than wait here .
If I could be reborn I would want to be the child of a rich family then I d be set for life .
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back .
I ll tell you all I know about it .
Please give us some examples .
Where do you want to go this summer ?
The audience clapped loudly after his speech .
May I eat a little of it ?
It is you that are to blame for it .
Don t worry too much or you ll go bald .
We ve come to the conclusion that this is a true story .
I m studying English .
You don t . . . you don t talk to me like that .
This box is filled with apples .
What prevented him from coming ?
How come he didn t show up ?
I got up late this morning .
Have you decided to go to Japan ?
I arrived here last night .
May the force be with you .
This house must be done up .
She is a very poor driver .
Hear and see and be still .
You may be right about that .
You might be right .
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene .
It doesn t matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice .
Be it black or white a cat that catches mice is a good cat !
The smallest child knows such a simple thing .
When are we eating ? I m hungry !
The beauty of the scene was beyond description .
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese .
 Let s begin today s lesson by opening our books at page the teacher said .
Apart from her everybody answered the question .
The car is too expensive for me to buy .
Soon after that I began to fall asleep .
I don t know whether to cry or to laugh .
Tom went back to his hometown .
I can t take his behaviour .
He is a recent convert to Catholicism .
You should be responsible for your actions .
It was raining on and off all night long .
This coat hasn t pockets .
If a high hill stood between A and B it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it pierce it with a tunnel or make a detour to avoid it .
I m sorry could you repeat that please ?
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby .
It won t be long before they get married .
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa .
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident .
Is this your umbrella ?
How to say XXX in Dutch ?
He s always looking at you . He must love you .
Do you think you could lend me some of your records ?
It is no use blaming him for the accident now .
How did Barbara do on her driver s test yesterday ?
By the way what is your address ?
Not a letter did I receive from her .
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation .
I am not used to hard work .
I am afraid I must be going now .
I m starving !
How are you doing today ?
I m happy cause I m learning some Dutch .
I am very happy because I am currently learning a little bit of Dutch .
I need to take a shower .
Beijing is the capital of China .
I don t really know .
Why has it been getting hotter and hotter these last two days ?
Just joshing .
Why do so many people visit Kyoto ?
Her son is a genius .
The police are checking their bags .
I am able to obtain a registration form for free .
How well he played !
I hope to see you .
I don t know what to say to make you feel better .
Can you play the guitar ?
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him .
Few people live to be years old .
Very few people live to be .
I m going out for a while .
My house is fully insured .
He is not an American .
He isn t an American .
Will you tell me why you like her ?
Don t forget the ticket .
She looks pretty no matter what she wears .
Imagine that you have a time machine .
Should anyone call on me in my absence tell him that I will be back soon .
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine .
The houses caught fire one after another .
Sometimes it s good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together just the two of them .
John has put on a lot of weight recently .
You ll find it impossible to live there .
What language do they speak in Switzerland ?
Please make yourself comfortable .
It is getting cooler and cooler .
Take whatever cake you want .
Nara is as old as Kyoto .
I made my decision .
We were attacked by swarms of bees .
Dark as it was we managed to find our way home .
I think it s going to rain .
Politicians are good at raising money .
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew .
Wine is poetry in bottles .
Take a book and read it .
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice . But in practice there is .
I don t want to go to school .
She s really smart isn t she ?
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired .
We went to London last year .
Where are you going ?
He got angry .
I have a cough and a little fever .
Open the cupboard to the left the bottles are in there .
I am four months pregnant .
I feed my cat every morning and every evening .
Do you have a pen on you ?
People should understand that the world is changing .
Why do you want to leave today ?
It was raining when we left but by the time we arrived it was sunny .
It was raining when we left it was sunny when we arrived .
What prevented her from coming yesterday ?
If you want this pen I will lend it to you .
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly .
We re thoroughly prepared for the Y K bug .
We ve already prepared for the millennium bug .
As a result of the war many people died .
Steel production will increase this month from last month .
Fucking hell what idiot dare phone me in the middle of the night ?
He has three sons who became musicians .
His writing is very subjective .
Bread is made from flour water and often yeast .
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers .
There is no air in space .
Susan is a good cook .
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home .
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons heads and liberate me .
I planted roses in the garden .
You shouldn t talk about people behind their backs .
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue .
He is rich enough to buy that car .
Though Jim works very hard his job does not pay very much .
I can t find my watch .
Illness prevented me from coming to school .
Since I was sick I didn t go to school .
I wonder if she ll recognize me after all these years .
It s better .
Mr . Kato teaches us English .
Bob often tries to give up smoking .
When did it begin to rain ?
I m sorry to cause you all this trouble .
I want a guitar .
When he was a child he would go fishing on Sundays .
I am interested in Asian history .
Everyone except me was invited .
I can read without glasses .
My brother is as tall as me .
My little brother and I are the same height .
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends .
How was your trip ?
The girl about whom I told you lives here .
Please pardon me for coming late .
I let my sister use my new computer .
Europe has a smaller population than Asia .
Do you know of any good restaurant near here ?
There are too many things to do !
I am not well at all .
He is acquainted with the mayor .
Do you like Japanese food ?
Do you speak Japanese ?
I didn t know that he was Japanese .
Love is more powerful than death .
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn t come up to expectations .
He can t come because he s ill .
We are at school together .
I had my teeth examined at the dentist s .
He is a man of few words but he always keeps his promise .
I know what his name is .
I m afraid you have the wrong number .
Ken has two cats .
In his younger days he worked very hard .
My father teaches English at a high school .
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting .
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears .
I caught sight of her in the crowd .
I still haven t learned to drive a car .
She has a bath every morning .
Where do you live ?
Can you tell me your address ?
Can you show me the way please ?
It s at the third home in the second row of houses .
Go straight down the road and when you pass the traffic light you re there .
So which way is it to the People s Park ?
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection .
It s not far from here to there .
Turn here to get on the subway .
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago .
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon .
He s just a normal junior high school student not particularly intelligent .
I put my suitcase in the trunk .
He does not know how to drive a car .
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill .
I m planning to leave for Europe next week .
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry .
I don t feel well today . That well water is the cause of many illnesses .
Rich as she is she is not happy .
Not all birds can fly .
Enjoy your meal !
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day .
He and I are teachers .
That way is very far so we took a taxi .
Pardon me what place is this ?
Excuse me is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here ?
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please ?
Excuse me is there a toilet nearby ?
This is a DVD .
Whose books are these ?
Don t believe him .
Where can I find toothpaste ?
You can t judge a person based on clothing .
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall .
I perceive by your face that you have good news .
Who organized that meeting ?
That movie was really moving .
I wrote this book .
A prudent bird chooses its tree . A wise servant chooses his master .
Good day how are you ?
This is Room .
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer .
You must do it yourself .
The ball is that boy s prized possession .
Boil some water .
My legs still hurt .
In any case it s none of your business .
Life s a ruin without you .
Don t sugar your tea .
Put your hands up !
Hands up !
You should return what you borrow .
Borrow and return then you can borrow again . Borrow and don t return and then the borrowing gets difficult .
Rain rain go away !
I beg you give me a visa .
Finally !
When Vin Diesel does pushups he s not pushing himself up he s pushing the Earth down .
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm .
I know everything .
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear .
Does objective history exist ?
That man knows how to get on the president s good side .
It is dangerous to swim here .
Are you free on Tuesday ?
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail .
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
What time do we leave tomorrow ?
I want you to tell me the truth .
He has no sense of humor .
 I saw her five days ago he said .
I think therefore I am .
Some of my friends can speak English well .
Is there anything that I should not eat ?
All men are created equal .
I love the taste of watermelon .
I m going fishing with him .
What do you like ?
Did you have breakfast this morning ?
Everyone was listening very carefully .
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier ?
He ll be a good husband .
It s because I was asked to come that I m here .
He shouted at the top of his voice This is a battle we cannot lose . 
She can t cook well .
So what do we do now ?
His tie corresponds well with his suit .
I didn t know how to answer his question .
She held on to my hand tightly .
We have no school today .
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep but I have to go to school .
I finished the homework and want to go to bed but now it s time to go to school again . . .
All the furniture in the room was all worn out .
Lisa speaks not only English but also French .
I m very happy to meet you .
I am glad to meet you .
I m still single .
Did you call him up yesterday ?
If you smile I ll be happy .
I think of watching TV as a waste of time .
Canada is larger than Japan .
He got hurt in the accident at work .
I hope that your parents will allow us to marry .
He earns more money than he can spend .
He walked back and forth in front of the door hesitating to enter .
I don t like him any more than he likes me .
How much is this tie ?
I can t go along with you on that point .
That problem has been shelved for the time being .
How was the French class ?
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host .
Where do you live ?
How tall are you ?
He is richer than anyone else in the town .
He is the richest man in town .
The committee consists of scientists and engineers .
On the one hand you are wrong but on the other hand I can t blame you for that .
Where is the lost and found ?
He s crazy about you .
Insatiably greedy .
I m not the least bit scared of you .
This box is not as big as that one .
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore .
Is there a post office around here ?
He s a hopeless case .
I want to go abroad .
If by any chance I m late please don t wait for me .
Get me up at eight .
I cannot lend this book to you .
He will come soon .
There is a bookstore in front of the department store .
Get me a chair please .
I had nothing to do with that incident .
China is much larger than Japan .
China is much bigger than Japan .
Let s eat out tonight .
She is able to speak ten languages .
There s water in Ashland too .
Turn down the volume please .
I simply haven t the time to do everything I want to do .
How do you say that in Italian ?
I m going to the Number Four hospital .
Switzerland needs better apples .
Which is more important economic development or environmental protection ?
I like that singer a lot .
You d better see a doctor .
He is too young to go there alone .
Don t trample on the grass .
You must know yourself .
You yourself should know .
Both air and water are indispensable for life .
She is sensitive to the heat .
Please don t interrupt me while I m talking .
My father does not always walk to work .
Many economists are ignorant of that fact .
I held my breath in excitement .
We are leaving early tomorrow morning .
His dog follows him wherever he goes .
Cut the meat into thin slices .
Any book will do .
I m tired I think I m going to go to bed .
I don t have an excuse .
Cheap meat doesn t make good soup .
I am in London .
Did you hear that Mike ?
I always have trouble remembering names .
Who knows ?
She writes beautifully .
The lights are out .
No one knows if he loves her or not .
Show me your passport please .
May I ask you to call me back later ?
Could you call me back later ?
The castle is beautiful .
All right .
Okay .
I d like a single with a shower please .
 How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot ? Sorry I m a stranger here . 
When I go on vacation I ll rent a car .
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu .
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden .
There s a possibility that the man was murdered .
There was nothing but a desk in his room .
The point is whether she will come or not .
Would you mind turning down the radio ?
That s MY line !
It s only leaves and branches .
She took a walk before breakfast .
Yesterday I had a high fever .
Who are you ?
She was out when I called .
The performers danced whilst singing they performed extremely well .
With both song and dance the performers put on an excellent show .
You can t park here .
Although he did well in the exam his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours .
We hurried to the train station .
Unfortunately by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes .
I phoned my son before boarding the plane telling him to come to the airport to pick me up .
Have you decided whether you are going into town by bike or by bus ?
I made a paper plane .
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive .
She cried throughout the night .
She wept all the night .
We tried it out yesterday as expected it was really good .
I will leave everything about the party up to you .
Don t worry .
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls .
In I had graduated from high school but I still hadn t started university .
Shut the door .
There are some empty bottles in the box .
I have a stomachache .
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult but I don t have any other way to earn money .
No one can help me .
I ve been feeling poorly for the last couple of days .
In addition to a blocked nose I m also suffering from a high temperature .
You can t get in without your key anyway so you may as well come to have supper with us .
It is time you had a haircut !
Her face turned red .
She is inferior to him in math .
She suddenly became famous .
The inverse of a non square matrix is a dangerous thing .
Would you like to have a cup of tea ?
I did not sleep well last night .
Where did you get it ?
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me she still said she had too much to carry .
Because of heavy snow the plane from Beijing arrived minutes late .
I don t want to hear any more of your complaining .
But he needed a job .
Thank you in advance for your help .
She had to accept her fate .
Don t be sad .
The policeman arrested him for speeding .
We weren t at home yesterday .
Have you arrived at a decision yet ?
The battery is low .
These days I m very busy .
Do you keep a diary ?
Drop by drop the water can conglomerate into a lake .
This is the girl that came yesterday .
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us .
You may go .
Naoko is a swimmer .
What did John sing on the stage ?
What am I to do next ?
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move .
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty .
This isn t my umbrella it s somebody else s .
You had better go to bed right away or your cold will get worse .
The door of the office is yellow .
It s the thought that counts .
Will you sing me a Beatles song ?
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
It was not until three days after that I knew she had disappeared .
The machine generates a lot of electricity .
Raw fish easily goes bad .
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation .
She was brought up by her grandmother .
I don t like being treated like this .
The mountain is covered with snow .
Capital land and labor are the three key factors of production .
To tell you the truth I ve been scolded by my mom .
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan .
I want to go with you .
I d love to come with you .
Errors are few if any in his English composition .
He did not die of cancer .
What ? It s only eleven ? We still have an hour to go before lunch .
Check that your username and password are written correctly .
She attracted me at first sight .
I took to her the moment I met her .
It s not an issue if he argues with his wife but he shouldn t hit her .
Do you like singing ?
She is my girlfriend .
Is this book the one he always uses ?
That CD is my son s .
There s someone at the doorway .
Somebody s at the door .
There are only books on the bookshelf .
There s a convenience store diagonally across the street .
Do you have this new book ?
Is there a telephone anywhere ?
Do you have two computers ?
Don t you have two computers ?
This computer is yours isn t it ?
Have you a receipt ?
I bought the book yesterday .
My mother gets up early in the morning .
 Dad this a real sword ? Of course it is a duel after all . 
Do you have many friends ?
My son is now as tall as I am .
The little girl laughed a merry laugh .
The snow has disappeared .
And now ?
I m an engineer .
She is writing a letter now .
I m tired .
I am tired .
I am very tired .
That s not a knife . THIS is a knife .
Don t study .
Recently I attended the wedding of a Chinese friend . The bride and groom had been classmates at university and both graduated from the Chinese faculty . They ve already been together for five years .
The groom works for a company now and the bride is our teacher .
In class she s our teacher after class she s our friend and a good friend too .
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married everyone wanted to attend her wedding .
We d still never been to a Chinese person s wedding .
We asked our teacher Can we come to your wedding ? 
Our teacher said Of course you can . 
The teacher said Of course . 
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn t be the same as other people s we asked how it would be different but she didn t say .
All she said was that we would know when the time came .
On the day of the wedding we arrived at our teacher s house .
There were many guests most of them were our teacher s classmates and friends .
We asked our teacher Where will the wedding be held ? 
The teacher said Let s set off right now . 
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park .
This park is pretty big it has a lot of trees and many flowers .
The teacher said to everyone Our wedding is starting now . 
As everyone knows today is a very significant day for us .
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day I ask everyone to plant a tree with us .
Everyone listened and was very happy thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful .
About a dozen trees had soon been planted .
Just then the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards .
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class .
I ll come back .
Too much money ?
I explained the matter to him .
You would do well to stay here .
We have enough time .
Rome wasn t built in a day .
Rome was not built in a day .
It was already twelve when he reached home .
When he came and found me his whole body reeked of alcohol .
It s not far from here to there .
Where there is grass there is no water . Where there is water there is no grass .
I just got up .
I m just kidding .
Leave now .
Get lost !
Spiders like to build spiderwebs .
Hello world !
People like him because he is kind .
Do as you like .
I don t like this shirt . Show me another .
Social security ? Who do they think they re kidding .
This book will be printed next year .
I came from China .
Sometimes I go sometimes I don t .
I don t smoke .
It s the third of October .
It s October the third .
Love me love my dog .
She likes Russian pop .
Life is not convex .
 The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature .
I often have nightmares .
Good morning everybody .
Thank you very much !
Can I use a credit card ?
I am translating .
I love Korean food .
You ought to listen to your mother .
Why are your eyes so big ?
I want to go to Lviv . . .
Paper catches fire easily .
Where does John live ?
Tell me why she is crying .
Look up the word in your dictionary .
I can t understand why James always finds fault with his wife .
I was born and raised in Tokyo .
I put quantity after quality .
I didn t get the joke .
There are cats on Mars too .
Will you go by train ?
How long have you lived in Japan ?
I took my temperature every six hours .
 Do you like snakes ? Of course not . 
I have to write a letter . Do you have some paper ?
I have a daughter .
I admit that he is right .
I like tea .
I m married .
I got up early as usual .
I am terribly hungry .
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework .
He lost face .
The weather forecast is not reliable at all .
I jumped for joy .
Would you like to go see a movie with me ?
Tom is the captain of this baseball team .
On leaving school we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks .
I had a bite at around o clock .
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower .
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards .
I want a cup of iced tea .
Just a little more .
Which one do you prefer ?
Which one do you like better ?
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you ?
We often compare Japan with Britain .
This morning I saw an angel .
Forget it .
In that case let s go .
Some people are good some people are bad .
You should go too !
First we ll eat and then we ll go .
Clean the dust off the shelf .
Hang your clothes out to dry !
Look at these two photographs which one is better ?
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool .
You may choose whichever you like .
Is that thing yours ?
The doctor is a great authority on children s diseases .
It s mine not his .
Do you know this thing ?
Don t you know how ?
How can I make a telephone call to Japan ?
It s just that I admire you .
There s a great view from the rooftop of that building . Want to go see ?
However you do it the result will be the same .
Tomorrow I m going to study at the library .
Einstein was a mathematical genius .
I m dying of thirst .
He did nothing wrong .
I ve been to Hokkaido before .
It isn t easy to write a love letter in English .
 Those letters are all the wrong way around ! No it s supposed to be like that it s Russian . 
Driving too fast is dangerous .
Even now many years after the Cold War there is still much rancor between the Russians and the Germans especially in areas once occupied by the Soviet Union .
I also went .
I went too .
There s all kinds of people in the world .
If you came that would be great .
You might not find it .
If you have time let s go shopping .
Concerning this matter . . . I really don t know .
The work over we went home .
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward .
The president laughed in spite of himself .
Paul made a lot of money last year .
I bought this book for myself not for my wife .
The writer s furniture is all shown in this museum .
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall .
It is necessary for you to help her .
I m about to leave .
Is this your bicycle ?
Baristas need to make a sitcom .
I bought a Daily News .
I don t want to participate in the ceremony .
Go along this street and you ll find the movie theater .
I am learning two foreign languages .
She died of stomach cancer .
He studies much harder than before .
Nothing is worse than war .
I asked her to wait a minute .
Would you like to wait ?
Let s take a rest .
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year .
He s curious about everything .
Mary is interested in politics .
My sister is cooking in the kitchen .
We studied English .
This is the dictionary I use every day .
Two times two is four .
I finished the work in less than an hour .
I couldn t answer all the questions .
My hair curls easily .
I lost my camera the other day .
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish ?
I will give you a call as soon as I get home .
I wish I had much money .
Ms . Roland what do you think about this problem ?
He hates air travel .
I have a lot of homework to do .
You have to wait in line .
For me this is not a problem .
My brother is an idiot .
While getting off the bus she heard her name called .
The bus hasn t come yet .
Give me a reason for doing such a thing .
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school .
People say I look about the same age as my sister .
She ignored me even when she met me on the street .
Here is a letter for you .
He pretended not to hear his boss .
All the doctor s efforts were in vain and the man soon died .
There are hundreds of books in his study .
I remember that man s name very well .
Although he may be clever he is not wise .
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly .
 Who is it ? It s me . 
To kill two birds with one stone .
Kill two birds with one stone .
Not only did I eat pilaf but I also ate kebabs .
What are you doing at school this afternoon ?
I bought a pen like yours yesterday .
I know that he can draw .
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity .
Do you have any further questions ?
I ve got to see a dentist .
When will you be back ?
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind .
He keeps his word .
I walk in the forest every day .
I bought two bottles of milk .
I m trying hard but can t think of her name .
How are you getting along with your English study ?
I tried to open the door and the doorknob came off .
Los Angeles is one of the places that I d like to visit .
Look at the blackboard everyone .
I ll talk the matter over with my father .
Is there a gas station around here ?
Is there a gas station near here ?
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time .
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world .
People used to think that only humans could use language .
The turkeys in my grandfather s farm are very noisy I can t wait for them to get eaten .
December is the last month of the year .
I can t take it anymore ! I haven t slept for three days !
It s the same to me .
This dictionary is very expensive but is worth buying .
I hear you have been sick .
Have love for your classmates ! Have love for your parents ! Have love for your country !
If you don t watch out you ll soon fall in the water .
How s life ?
Please eat something .
I saw it with my own eyes .
Are you free tonight ?
What a pity !
That s a real person .
He got a better score than us .
Jim hasn t come yet .
The wind sounds scary like screaming ghosts .
I like to eat watermelon .
In our time there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying .
Life is often compared to a journey .
The students receive a euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses .
You can t prove that .
I m only reading the scraps on news on the Internet but well I get the general picture .
The sign stands for and .
The door opened and a man came out .
Beyond this I know nothing .
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak but they can communicate with people in other ways .
All the answers to this question were wrong .
Did anyone come in my absence ?
Whatever you said to him made him feel better .
Your words made him feel much better .
You may as well return home at once .
I got up early in order to catch the first train .
I haven t had time to do the dishes for two days they are in a pile in the kitchen sink .
I was watching TV then .
It s ten o clock sharp .
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb .
He may be clever but he is not very helpful .
I don t understand this word .
I m dying to see Paris .
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours .
No matter how he tried he could not open the door .
How come you call on us so late at night ?
This machine is easy to handle .
Did you read the whole book ?
I don t like men like him .
I ll have exams right after the summer holidays .
I hear that his father is in another country .
Everybody knows that .
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off .
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative .
She s loved by her friends .
Our school has ten classes .
I m working for a trading firm .
That cost him his job .
Can I borrow your radio ?
The boy fell off the bed .
Don t run here .
Do you know how to use this camera ?
If I had known about your illness I could have visited you in the hospital .
There s only one bath towel in our bathroom .
Whatever results may follow I will carry out my plan .
I wonder if I should answer his letter .
How long does it take to walk from here to the station ?
Do as I told you to do .
She loves watching tennis matches on TV .
Have you ever been to a foreign country ?
You don t need to worry about it .
I don t know yet .
Did you have a nice Christmas ?
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together .
I looked up the words in my dictionary .
Call me at four I must take the first train .
He is not the cheerful man he was .
The time will come when you will be sorry for it .
She is particular about what she wears .
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate .
China is much larger than Japan .
She didn t marry him of her own will .
I had just written the letter when he came back .
He has not come yet . Something may have happened to him .
But your function isn t Lipschitz continuous !
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night .
That painting is a masterpiece of impressionist art .
What happened on the bus ?
What did you do then ?
How did you do that ?
The tropical rainforests located in a narrow region near the equator are disappearing so fast that by the year eighty percent of them may be gone .
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man .
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues .
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with fridge .
I was really moved by this .
Could you call again later please ?
There is a book on the table .
Where do I get an airport bus ?
She may be cute but I don t like her .
I already have an envelope .
It is important for him to get the job .
He boasted of having won the first prize .
How much did you pay for the dress ?
I ll certainly go and see him .
I m so tired that I can t walk any longer .
I m too tired to walk any longer .
I m too tired to walk any more .
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme .
If you go to that supermarket you can buy most things you use in your daily life .
Would you please not leave the door open ?
Christmas is just two weeks from now .
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school ?
What time do you usually get up ?
After all even the gods may err at times .
Can I be of any service to you ?
Can I be of any service to you ?
They not only washed off the sweat dirt and cares of the day in the hot water but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs .
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked . That s why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry .
 Almaty means The Father of Apples in many Turkic languages .
No one is working . Everyone s watching the World Cup .
They are both in the room .
Fill out this form please .
Yeah . I think so too .
Man will die sooner or later .
This amount includes tax .
There s no doubt .
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur .
Please keep this a secret .
Can I borrow your car ?
You look stupid .
South Africa is far away .
Self help is the best help .
I am glad that you have succeeded .
Thank you very much for your present .
Thank you very much for your gift .
My dream is to become a pilot .
I am beginning to remember it .
He has a brother and two sisters .
I remember writing to her .
Close your eyes .
 Why aren t you going ? Because I don t want to . 
How many pens do you have ?
I didn t know he drank so much .
It s a waste of time .
Would you like another cup of tea ?
Don t throw away this magazine . I haven t read it yet .
Don t throw out this magazine . I haven t read it yet .
I go to school by bus .
He committed suicide .
He comes here almost every day .
Everybody wants to sit beside her .
What do you say to taking a walk in the park ?
What a pain !
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples .
Oh boy . . .
I m going there alone .
I m outta here .
I came didn t I ?
Don t make trouble .
Who doesn t love a rebel ?
I m free now .
A wise man would not say such a thing .
She slowly lost hope .
We re going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you re not on a diet .
The conference will end tomorrow .
The meeting will end tomorrow .
That man who is looking at you do you know him ?
I simply don t understand this .
She hung the picture upside down .
She went to Mexico by herself .
You ll use the computer for studying and not for playing games .
Don t mind me .
This lake is the deepest in Japan .
Since you re going to the supermarket buy some eggs while you re there .
Are you at home ?
Are you interested in music ?
The more you eat Kuqa s apricots the more of them you ll want to eat .
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy .
He is two inches taller than I am .
I turned right .
My mother often said that time is money .
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make .
There is a fly on the ceiling .
He is regretting his action .
His memory amazes me .
I m very happy to see you .
He will be a good doctor .
Soccer is my favorite sport .
How s the weather there ?
How is the weather there ?
What s the climate there like ?
Do you smoke ?
He has never played golf .
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not .
He carried on working from morning till night .
He worked from morning till night .
 Well even so my score is far above yours isn t it ? What did you say ! ? If I was to go all out you d be as nothing to me ! 
In case anything happens call me immediately .
In looking through the mist I caught a glimpse of my future .
When a friend comes from afar is that not delightful ?
Could you please tell me how to get to the station ?
How can I get to the train station ?
Do they sell notebooks at that store ?
He does not smoke .
You should learn to restrain yourself .
I can put up with a house being untidy but I don t like it to be dirty .
Hmm . I have a feeling I m going to get lost whichever road I take .
I got terrible grades this term .
We re going up into the mountains so why don t you come with us ?
I have no excuse .
The baby is sleeping .
He doesn t know how to swim .
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is ?
He has only read pages so far I ve already read .
Don t pry into my private life .
I m never at home on Sundays .
It s already nine o clock .
We often hear you sing .
Let s go now . Otherwise we ll be late .
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery what would you do with that money ?
And then ?
What else ?
You must leave .
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths and to disappear there so as to never be seen again .
Lucy is certain to come .
Father What were you just doing ?
Give us two knives and four forks please .
I do not have a cat .
I don t have a cat .
What a beautiful flower !
You like elephants .
He has been sick for a week .
Two beers please .
My house is a long way from here .
We re friends from way back .
We re old friends .
Pass me the salt please .
If you can sing that s good enough .
According to the weather report the rainy season will start next week .
She s almost the same height as you .
This work is not necessarily easy .
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess .
It is time for you to go to bed .
She wrote a lot of poems .
In real combat you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing .
 We need to help Kyrgyzstan said Putin to Hu Jintao . . . in my dream .
My wife is a native of r mqi .
We have two kids .
We have two children .
I m the only one who doesn t know Uyghur .
Nobody knows the truth .
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye .
Black suits you .
Why is he here ?
Please write with a pen .
I m tired of living this kind of life .
She asked how to cook the fish .
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day .
I have to stay in bed all day .
I agree with him .
All you can do is to wait .
All you can do is wait .
I miss her so much .
Where are they going to right now ?
I have to write a letter . Do you have some paper ?
My wife is cooking right now .
Strictly speaking the tomato is not a vegetable . It s a fruit .
I made friends with a student from abroad .
He worked day and night so that he might become rich .
I d better drive you home .
As soon as she read the letter she began to cry .
To him hunger was an abstract concept he always had enough to eat .
I ll make you happy .
I will make you happy .
He is a member of the tennis club in our school .
She may be a nurse . I am not sure .
How did you get to know him ?
A boy is walking across the street .
Our school is very close to the park .
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle ?
He is washing his car .
Even superheroes need an occasional break .
They didn t swim because it was cold .
Is anybody home ?
Wood floats in water .
I could not afford to buy a bicycle .
He knows how to swim .
I don t know when he came back from France .
As a whole the plan seems to be good .
Haven t we met before ?
This word does not translate well .
There are a few shops next to my house .
Does she work in this city ?
He shaved his mustache off .
How long do you plan on staying here ?
She s very beautiful .
He is very influential in the world of medicine .
He answered his parents back .
Stones don t swim .
We ll buy one car for each .
Do you have something that you want to say to me ?
One of the students didn t come today .
Please say yes !
What s the date today ?
God willing . . .
Misfortunes never come singly .
When it rains it pours .
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa .
Constant effort yields sure success .
The chance is gone .
I miss you .
Hurry up .
You can take whatever you like .
 Hello who is this ? 
Relying on strength alone cannot guarantee victory .
This is not true .
I don t like your girlfriend .
It is Sunday tomorrow .
Tomorrow is Sunday .
Good luck on the exam !
I don t get it .
I do not understand .
I don t understand .
It is raining .
It s raining .
I am very busy these days .
Do you want to know my secret ? It s very simple . . .
Do you want to know my secret ? It s very simple . . .
Do you want to know my secret ? It s very simple . . .
He is able to speak ten languages .
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend .
A great warrior radiates strength . He doesn t have to fight to the death .
It s a quarter past eight .
All three of us are students .
Do you have any drinks ?
The substance is light enough to float on the water .
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him .
Leaves lay thick in the lane .
What is on Channel ?
He went up the steps slowly .
While swimming in the pool she lost her locker key .
Each country has its own customs .
I went to Kobe by train .
You mustn t tell that to your parents .
Many words are acquired through reading .
I don t like coffee .
I haven t had a chance to see the movie yet .
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast .
Who was it that read my diary while I was out ?
His picture was in the newspaper .
We discussed the problem .
Come on we ll be late if you don t hurry up .
I don t care for smoking it s bad for the health .
Bob s father teaches at a girls school .
The man cheated the old woman out of her money .
He is one of the candidates running for mayor .
I couldn t do otherwise .
This store is closed at nine .
He ll be done soon .
A little nap and just like that I m as fresh as a daisy .
As he had no way of making fire he ate the fish raw .
I study abroad .
He must be about forty .
The function of the brake is to stop the car .
I went to a park this morning .
Can his story be true ?
Dark clouds are a sign of rain .
A little nap and just like that I m as fresh as a daisy .
You ve been had .
Who looks after the children ?
The other team took us lightly .
If you can use gravity to your advantage do so .
Either you go or I go .
In case I can t come I ll give you a call beforehand .
Oh right I have something tomorrow .
I had a good dream last night .
Had I known about it I would have told you .
Can I eat this ?
Do you drink alcohol ?
Do you drink ?
I had my wallet stolen .
The early bird catches the worm .
Call me at six tomorrow morning .
He came in person .
They have twelve children .
I bought it for about twelve dollars .
When we are very sad we will cry .
I have never been to the States .
I have never been to America .
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me .
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud .
She has very few close friends .
The weak are food for the strong .
These shoes are too small .
Are you married ?
This is my father s .
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots .
She depends on her husband for everything .
Divide this line into twenty equal parts .
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile .
If we don t hit the road soon we ll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic .
I bought this T shirt on sale .
It s very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology .
What is the language spoken in Brazil ?
It was hot yesterday .
He became famous .
Bob is my friend .
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you .
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others .
He seldom writes to his father .
We are both to blame .
How about some chocolate cheese ?
One side of a coin is called heads and the other side is called tails .
I have a dog .
 Next time he said .
I ve already eaten breakfast .
Playing cards is very interesting .
Silence gives consent .
I run every day .
Everybody agrees with you .
This chair is very comfortable .
I ve a yen for adventures .
Better late than never .
Would you please shut the window ?
There are many hotels downtown .
Winter is my favorite season .
Don t scatter your things about .
I had a good dinner at his expense .
The number of muffins that you ll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC .
What s radical today may be clich tomorrow .
Please sit down .
 What time is it ? It is ten thirty . 
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry .
I saw him sawing a tree .
That toy is made of wood .
Tennis is very popular among students .
Could you sign here ?
Who is the man sitting in the corner ?
That bus will take you to the zoo .
Must I go there at once ?
Does the room have a bath ?
Finish your homework by the time they return .
This is the finest view I have ever seen .
It s a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere .
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn t appeared .
What if he should happen to be late ?
 What time is it ? It s . 
Thanks to television boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books .
It is quiet here at night .
He asked me my age my name my address and so forth .
We live in the neighborhood of the school .
I can t remember how to say Thank you in German .
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan .
We named the cat Mimi .
She was ill with heart disease .
Where was Tom born ?
They are hugging and kissing .
He is about your age .
Is that a common name ?
It s quiet in the suburbs . . .
Twenty years already passed .
Don t let the cops find a heater on you .
He cannot be hungry he has just had lunch .
Four fifths of all the members were against the plan .
Tell us the story from beginning to end .
Both you and I are students .
Both you and I are students .
Both you and I are students .
They are both good students .
They are both good students .
They are both good students .
They are both good students .
You and I are both students at this school .
Don t look back .
If you don t go skiing I won t either .
Today s mission milk tea with mochi .
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather .
Please drop in at my house on your way home .
These customs differ from those in our country .
This is a difficult math problem .
Will you take me there ?
I wonder if you don t get tired of doing the same thing every day .
The accident was brought about by his carelessness .
As a rule of thumb you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests .
I can t stand the heat .
I will deal with this problem .
In the teeth of their strong opposition we carried out our plan .
I ll bewitch him into a frog !
How kind of him to help us move on such a rainy day !
Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car .
I m none the wiser for his explanation .
It s been almost ten years but you re as beautiful as ever .
Do you really love me ?
Miss Baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed .
Please let me pick up your sister at the station .
Minnesota s state bird is the mosquito .
When I got home I was very hungry .
The picture is colorful in contrast with this one .
I would rather work for any company than waste another year .
Write these words in your notebook .
When did you get back from London ?
You mustn t answer your mother back when she scolds you .
At the turn of the century children still worked in factories .
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea .
There s the chance to get a huge income in this business a million yen a month is possible !
Open the door and let me in please .
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid .
You must consider what kind of work you want to do .
Put those flowers wherever we can see them well .
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life .
He is anxious to know the result .
The security level as established by the Department of Homeland Security is orange .
What a good tennis player Tony is !
Where are you going to go on your vacation ?
He carried off the first prize at the chess tournament .
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood ?
This river is one mile across .
She cut the apple in half .
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds .
Who is playing the guitar ?
We differ from them in some respects .
Nowadays almost every home has one or two televisions .
Can t you just picture Ed in woman s disguise ?
What do you want to eat ?
What would you like to eat ?
What would you like to eat ?
What would you like to eat ?
What would you like to drink ?
What would you like to drink ?
What would you like to drink ?
I m coming .
How many of you are there ?
Is it okay if I take a break ?
Why didn t you come ?
Wouldn t you like to eat ?
Wouldn t you like to eat ?
Wouldn t you like to eat ?
Emet we need more meat !
Do you have vegetarian pilaf ?
I would like something to drink .
We only have tea .
There s a fly in the noodle broth .
We only make Uighur food .
How many kebabs will you have ?
How many kebabs will you have ?
How many kebabs will you have ?
Those fated to meet will do so regardless of distance . Those not fated will not even if they are across from one another .
When do you usually get off work ?
When do you usually get off work ?
What time does your office let you go home ?
When do you usually get off work ?
We have five kinds of kebab .
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth .
She had her handbag stolen .
Do you approve of what he is doing ?
I don t really know .
I m not really sure .
I m not quite sure .
Are you willing to go to the beach ?
How come you re so slow ? !
Why do you go about being cross at people ?
I m really sorry !
Come with me !
Wait for me wait a second !
Here this is for you !
I don t have enough time hurry up !
Don t speak nonsense !
I get up at six every day .
I m getting dressed right after I eat breakfast .
What are you doing ?
What are you doing right now ?
I m using the computer .
What has your friend been doing recently ?
He s always trading .
He is slowly catching up .
I m not waiting for anyone .
I was busily typing for the whole morning .
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk .
It s still early . We should all just chill for a bit .
We ve got to wait for them to finish playing there s still a while to go !
Have you eaten yet ?
Have you eaten ?
I haven t eaten yet .
We ll most likely go but we ll decide once we see what the weather is like .
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric .
This color is a bit darker than that one .
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it .
This tie has a more vibrant color and goes better with this suit .
I think it s too expensive besides it doesn t even look that good . . .
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash ?
It s good now neither too heavy nor too light .
Where s your date tonight ?
It s not even a little bit cheap it s extremely expensive !
Take a good look it s really fresh !
Potatoes are very cheap .
How much for half a kilo ?
Fine !
Wait just a little bit . It ll be done immediately .
What is the size of this district s greenery area ?
For example if I want to get downtown what bus should I take ?
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work .
Miss are there any available rooms for tonight ?
Yes there are . How many of you are there Sir ?
This is a three star hotel three hundred dollars a night .
Does this car go to Jingan temple ?
What s the next station ?
Stop the car here .
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take ?
Do you smoke ?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice ? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee ?
It s five o clock . If you quickly post your letter it still might make it in time .
I m sorry without an I .D . you cannot receive a remittance .
Sir I would like to deposit my money . How do I do that ?
Excuse me I d like to exchange US dollars for RMB can I get RMB here ?
Please sign here .
Tell him to call me tomorrow at noon .
Sorry you have the wrong number .
OK what kind of place do you live at ?
Please give me the exact address .
A small European shop opened inside . The ambience is great !
How much does this cost ?
How much is this thing ?
Which of these two do you think is better ?
Can the price be discounted ?
This is your change .
Hey how much does one pound of these oranges cost ?
Well take it .
What tea do you drink ? Is lemon tea okay ?
I ve troubled you !
If I don t come who will ?
I just found out that he s sick so I ll visit him later .
This time when he went into the hospital he finally understood that one s health is really the most important thing of all .
Could you get a hammer for me from the kitchen please ?
Help me send out these two letters all right ?
One of the lights is not working . Do you think you could come take a look ?
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday I am free on all the other days though .
I don t have to go to work today and tomorrow so I will use the opportunity to quickly finish moving it .
She dresses so outrageously it looks completely ridiculous !
Is it my turn ?
The pain is here right ? That s a stomach ache .
It s ached before but never as badly as right now .
I feel a little nauseous but I m unable to throw up .
These medicines should be taken three times a day .
He s already retired but is often asked by them to consult .
I like to do oil painting but I don t intend to make that my lifelong occupation .
Even if I don t get a high salary I m not willing to quit this way of making a living .
Even though it s busy today this bit of work must be finished before leaving .
What kind of job are you looking for ?
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender both are OK .
Can you speak Mandarin ?
Are you able to speak Mandarin ?
Sure I can although I can t really speak Shanghainese .
Zailaiba Bar is hiring waiters are you interested ?
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you .
Do not talk nonsense My job is very boring !
I m bored and I have nothing to do .
However these days everyone has a bathtub . Isn t it pretty simple to take a bath ?
When I sing Karaoke I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits .
If I have time and enough money I d want to go traveling in Europe .
River Suzhou is Shanghai s mother river twisting and turning it stretches across and flows through the city center .
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married .
Because families in Shanghai today have only one son or daughter the head of the family places a strong emphasis on their childs studying .
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community . There will be an education reform .
One must be respectful when speaking and not say obscene things .
When the light is green cars turning must yield to pedestrians .
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai .
I remember his face but I can t remember his name .
Yes of course .
Let s eat a watermelon !
I can come tomorrow .
Though I may be in the jaws of death I am as a firm as a rock .
Though I am in the tiger s mouth I am as calm as Mount Tai .
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team .
I found your house with difficulty .
What sort of coats are in fashion this year ?
Only a handful of people know the fact .
Please let me know the schedule beforehand .
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time .
We ve been having strange weather the past few years .
No thank you .
No thanks .
If you are going to the safari park take the No . bus .
The building will be completed in a year .
Andersen was afraid of dogs too .
It is almost three .
Did you enjoy your holiday ?
 What happened to your nose ? When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me convinced that the car window was open and bashed my face into it ! 
In Thailand bringing up the children isn t the father s responsibility it s entirely up to the mother .
You can see the stars with your naked eye and even better through a telescope .
His plan is to build a bridge over that river .
The two men were seen to steal into the house .
I suggest that you should write him a thank you letter .
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes ?
Which house did you live in ?
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays .
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today .
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war .
Linda stuck her tongue out .
You will find him home whenever you call .
We have to make a close analysis of the accident .
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely .
 Are you students ? Yes we are . 
This song reminds me of my childhood .
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream .
These trees were planted by them .
Both those students passed all the tests .
Don t forget to take your umbrella when you leave .
All you have to do is sign your name here .
This word is derived from Greek .
Can we meet February around pm ?
How did you come to know it ?
Mary made a cake without her mother s knowledge .
The mixture of these substances is dangerous .
Try to estimate how much you spent on books .
What is the price of this radio ?
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America ?
He would be very glad to hear the news .
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon .
Did you ever see that movie ?
I ll lend you the book provided you return it next week .
If you are going to the library this afternoon would you please return two books for me whilst you are there ?
May I bring my family along ?
What kind of food do you have ?
We have pilaf lo mein and kebabs in our restaurant .
Let me cut the carrots .
In America the consumption of fast food has tripled between and .
She does not eat cake so as not to put on any more weight .
I have no money but I have dreams .
I don t have money but I have dreams .
I don t have any money but I have dreams .
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty .
That word describes it perfectly .
Had they known what was about to happen they would have changed their plans .
Wow ! That s cheap !
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane .
I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine .
I take my camera wherever I go .
Let s have lunch downtown and take in a show .
If you leave now I m sure you ll be caught in a traffic jam .
He is sure of winning the game .
I wish I could see the ancient world .
What a good idea !
What a wonderful idea !
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery .
Are you an Uighur ?
 My mother s American and my father is Uighur . Really ? No ! I was joking ! 
Won t you have some more tea ?
There s no beer here .
Let me go to the store .
What should I buy ?
Please wait a bit .
After a while the man came into the room .
We dug a hole in the ground .
Their way of thinking is behind the times .
I almost stepped on a skunk last night .
She is mad at me .
I m not a real fish I m just a mere plushy .
He speaks English a little .
She was wearing a blue coat .
Like it ?
You like it ?
Do you like it ?
Red and blue which one do you like ?
The Shinano River is longer than any river in Japan .
Do you know why they stopped talking ?
Put your name on the notebook in case you forget it .
Where will you be this time tomorrow ?
On my way home I met him .
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food therefore if he eats meat he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite . And to act so is immoral .
I usually ride my bike to school . I mean to the office .
Playing golf is great fun .
Our chef is very busy today .
I m not an Uighur . I m a Russian .
No wonder he is so angry .
Judging from her appearance I think that she s rich .
I first met him three years ago .
She has three sisters one is a nurse and the others are teachers .
I don t want to go outside this afternoon .
May I have another piece of cake ?
I will never tell a lie from now on .
You should turn in your term papers by the end of April .
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold .
Today s paper contains nothing of importance .
With all his efforts he failed the test .
When did you get up this morning ?
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest .
The sales are slipping .
Fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style .
Both girls have blue eyes .
Do you have a double room ?
If God doesn t exist in our world then I will create God with my own hands .
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike .
She s only two years old but she can already count to .
The train is going at a speed of miles per hour .
Please write your name with a pencil .
Write with a pen not with a pencil .
The point of the pencil has become dull .
Do you have any pencils ?
Have you got a pencil ?
Do you have a pencil ?
What do you want to do while you re here ?
Except for me there wasn t a single person there .
In the summer we re used to going swimming in the river .
What time do you get up ?
When do you get up ?
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston but only six for the return trip .
I found a pot in which there were several old coins .
This bus can hold fifty people .
They heard a gun go off in the distance .
My boy can t do addition properly yet .
The lecture was very long but I enjoyed it none the less .
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon .
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years .
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki .
My house was broken into last night .
The Alpinists carried out the ascent but they did not return safely .
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable .
I bought this camera for yen .
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop .
This flower is yellow but all the others are blue .
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children s health .
You understand best how to use the machine .
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school .
Please don t get mad sir ! I m a new worker !
How do people manage to sleep on the plane ?
Are there taxis around here ?
What time do you go to work ?
If there s a big earthquake the house could really collapse !
Just as if it were my tail wherever I go it goes too .
We often play chess .
Would you mind me smoking here ?
He could not help jumping for joy at the good news .
India is the seventh largest country in the world .
The shock of her father s death lingered on and she didn t feel like going out at all .
I didn t like rock music at first but it soon grew on me .
Your hair is too long .
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety .
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work .
It was obvious that they had told a lie .
Sorry the line is busy now .
It looks like rain . We had better shut the windows .
Japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to Japanese schools after returning even though they have a perfect command of Japanese .
Why are you so happy ?
I am moving next month .
She is a real beauty .
Exactly !
A job that you don t love is . . . a job .
I wish you a Merry Christmas .
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand .
I asked Mother to wake me up at four .
I ll do my homework after I watch television .
This book will awaken your imagination .
The boy could not so much as write his own name .
You may come whenever you like .
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language .
I m sure he is a man of ability .
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris .
He is said to have been the richest man in the village .
I like this skirt . May I try it on ?
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe .
Which is the capital of the United States Washington or New York ?
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone .
You are a good tennis player as beginners go .
It took me five minutes to solve the problem .
They live in a good environment .
We are staying at our uncle s .
The sky turned dark .
I didn t answer your letter because I was busy .
I may have left my umbrella in the bus .
You should talk to the teacher yourself .
From now on let s keep in touch .
It takes years to master a foreign language .
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink .
Three more passengers got on the bus .
We don t have enough time .
There is a bag on the desk .
I want to mend this watch .
Your eyes remind me of stars .
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years .
You shouldn t break promises .
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary ?
Why did you get such a costly dictionary ?
I m afraid of spiders .
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world .
Your composition is very good and it has few mistakes .
In my opinion he is correct .
Oh could you please answer the phone for me ?
Oh could you please get the phone for me ?
Your hair wants cutting .
The Chinese people are exceptionally hardworking .
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden .
We looked out the window but we didn t see anything .
There isn t a cloud in the sky .
I need to configure this server with an appropriate firewall system .
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus .
I m an honest person .
I am an honest person .
Foxes are wild animals .
I believe that he s happy .
I don t know what to say .
He said I m from Canada . 
An enemy of an enemy is a friend .
Will the police come ?
Please forgive me .
There s no one sitting here .
There s not very many customers today .
I can t find the knife .
Do you want pepper on it ?
My children like saccharum .
He doesn t speak French neither do I .
It s all Greek to me .
The food s not ready yet .
Pay attention !
Sorry the book is out of stock .
I m not sure as to when he will turn up .
I must give back the book to him by tomorrow .
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver .
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me .
My parents keep arguing about stupid things . It s so annoying !
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as annoying and satanic and compared it with a stampede of noisy elephants a deafening swarm of locusts a goat on the way to slaughter a giant hive full of very angry bees and a duck on speed .
This is a Chinese fan .
No admittance except on business .
Entry is strictly for staff only .
That s the best approach to the study of English .
I can hear you but I can t see you .
He may have been ill .
Tell me what you have in your hand .
Far from eye far from heart .
Generally speaking the climate of Japan is mild .
I want to leave this difficult job to her .
No one can keep me from going there .
No one can stop me from going there .
He used to live here .
He is very angry .
He s really angry .
He s very angry .
I got a makeup induced rash .
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking .
Last week five students were absent from class .
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities .
I have a lot of flowers . Some are red and some are yellow .
I wonder if life exists on other planets .
This hotel has accommodations for guests .
I m not in the least interested in physics .
She lived in five different countries by age .
By the age of she had lived in different countries .
Do you have any grounds for thinking so ?
I had my pocket picked on the train .
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor .
However I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express a train leaves every minutes from the airport to avoid the complexity of changing trains .
I m a nomad for life .
Do you smoke ?
He left his parents when he was eight years old .
Switzerland is a neutral country .
I have a memory like a goldfish .
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire .
We have a cat . We are all fond of it .
Fur coats are on sale .
Why don t you have some sushi ?
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary .
If necessary I have no objection to paying a special fee .
I refuse to be treated like a child .
I ll let you decide .
That scandal cost him his reputation .
At that time Mexico was not yet independent of Spain .
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake .
What do you do after school ?
I need to go home a little early today .
We need fire .
We have a really good cook .
Who s working tonight ?
There s a lot of stuff in our lo mein .
Do you eat meat ?
There s blood in my urine .
He sang a song .
Our pilaf is four yuan .
Where s the cook ?
Although her house is nearby I seldom see her .
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness .
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages .
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is .
 The castle is haunted he said with a shiver .
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business .
He went to London in .
No one can help me .
Nobody can help me .
He returned at six .
I swim once a week .
You must stop smoking .
Believe it or not she has three children .
He is not stupid .
He is no fool .
He s not stupid .
I don t want to get a suntan .
He filled the bottle with water .
Here is Japan .
She put on her hat to go out .
He must be fined if he breaks the law .
I think a film is more interesting than any book .
Both brothers are musicians .
What have you come here for ?
I m afraid not .
The student is working at sociology .
They gave him a chance to escape .
It was in that the Second World War broke out .
When did you see her ?
When did you meet her ?
Go along this street and turn right at the bank .
I got my decayed tooth pulled out .
What stuff is this jacket made of ?
I cannot get in touch with him .
I cannot get in touch with him .
I left my umbrella on the train .
I wrote the song for her .
Please go on with your story .
He paid me a compliment .
I have breakfast every morning .
In Singapore one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her .
That s too much .
That s too much .
 My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don t put on weight . Just now this second you ve made enemies of people throughout the world . 
My father s condition seems to improve one moment but the next moment he sinks again .
He is close to sixty .
She strongly resembles her grandmother .
What did you do with my baggage ?
I plan to stay in the city .
I plan to stay in the city .
I can understand your position perfectly .
We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition .
War isn t something to be done lightly also changing the constitution isn t something that should be done because I just really want to go to war .
Please explain in detail .
I m absolutely sure !
He says that he will lend me the book when he is done with it .
I think it s somewhere around here .
It was right around here somewhere .
Man is the hunter woman is his game .
He answered as follows .
I bought five books a month .
Few people are free from cares .
The rat s here ! Go call the cat !
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan . The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan .
Are you new ?
You came alone today ?
Our food is cheap .
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station .
Do you have paper ?
If you bite me then I ll bite you too .
For example if a chain smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking that warning is self contradictory .
You may not smoke in this room .
When I try to walk I get an awful pain here .
Clouds sail across the sky .
She plays piano as well as the guitar .
Does she play the piano ?
Does she play piano ?
It will take him two hours to finish the work .
We ve been matched up with some strong teams this year .
Who is that gentleman in spectacles ?
The wet vase left a mark on the table .
Are you from Urumqi ?
Who s going to clean up tonight ?
Give me the spoon .
Do you love music ?
Do you like music ?
You re right . The noodle broth here is a bit expensive .
But no man could help me .
He has three sons .
Does he speak English ?
He is nothing but a poet .
Stop talking loudly .
No more thank you . I m full .
My heart is beating so fast !
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much .
This table is clean .
It may not be clean but you won t get sick from eating it .
This is Cao Cao s trickery .
Cut the potatoes .
But I don t know how to cook kebabs !
I m sorry we re all out of manti .
We re also out of eggs .
Our restaurant is the best .
Will you come back tomorrow ?
They are the only students who study Chinese .
How s business ?
Emi looks happy .
Nancy cannot have read this book .
I don t care .
It is this window that he broke .
This is the window he broke .
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist .
At last it began to rain .
I smell smoke in the elevator .
Have you finished cleaning your room yet ?
After asking for my key at the front desk I took the elevator to my floor .
There are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words .
Don t avoid my question .
Do you know him ?
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance .
We have three airplanes .
Hey Tom forget about your worries .
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below .
He likes to work in the garden .
He likes to work in the garden .
Admission to the show is .
The volcano has erupted twice this year .
The accident happened two years ago .
The man passed by without so much as glancing at her .
Could you drive more slowly ?
She bought her son a camera .
I decided to go to college to major in English .
He who would the daughter win with the mother must begin .
Don t you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here ?
Shit ! I ve got a flat .
She advised him to use a bicycle .
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death .
Though young he is wise .
He does not seem pleased with his condition .
I m sick of her excuses .
I do not like mathematics very much .
The tree is about as high as the roof .
Everybody had a good time .
Don t worry about what others say .
There is much water in the pond today .
He is the best player on our team .
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part .
The more you earn the more you spend .
I do not doubt it in the least .
I m a little taller than you .
What ? I can t hear you .
I don t think we should do that .
I think we can be friends .
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba but I ve got things to do .
On behalf of the company I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all .
 If you re tired why don t you go to sleep ? Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early . 
He has no girlfriend .
I hear you ve got a new girlfriend .
Don t be that worried .
Your problems don t concern me .
We re not afraid of any difficulties .
The plane flew over Mt . Fuji .
I was a teacher .
I guess the dog bites .
Why don t you drop in for tea at your convenience ?
I doubt that I m a good writer .
Some of the students are in the library but the others are in the classroom .
On a clear day you can see Mt . Fuji .
I hurried to the house only to find it empty .
Compare the two carefully and you will see the difference .
Don t forget to extinguish your cigarette .
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French .
He was too tired to go any further .
Your memory is good .
What do you think about young people today ?
Seems like I m the third wheel here . I should go .
Seems like I m just playing gooseberry here . I should go .
His birthday is August st .
Birds of a feather flock together .
I m going to bed .
I have been busy lately .
He worked hard for peace for these ten years .
He is a promising youth .
Why didn t you say so earlier ?
It was much worse than we initially thought .
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it The Drunkard s Edition .
You can t have your cake and eat it .
You can t have your cake and eat it too .
Tom who had been working all day wanted to have a rest .
A punch is just a punch . A kick is just a kick .
You can study no matter your age .
She s thinking of taking a couple of courses at a cooking school .
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research .
The doctor continued to observe the patient s behavior .
I spend what time I can spare reading .
This account does not agree with the facts .
Bring a couple more chairs .
The soldiers fought valiantly but finally they had to give in .
Who is the boy that is swimming over there ?
I ll give you five dollars .
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood .
It would be great if that were true .
It s already eleven o clock . I must be leaving now .
Don t you feel the house shaking ?
Is there a Percy in your class ?
This form looks kind of complicated . Help me fill it out .
Can you read this kanji ?
One day the police raided a whole group of prostitutes and the girl was among them .
What do you say to taking a rest ?
I d like to have a glass of wine .
The soldiers were ready to die for their country .
She values health above wealth .
That is too small a box to hold all these things .
Though I failed I will try again .
What is your impression of America ?
He has an eye for the beautiful .
I put the receiver to my ear .
The palace was heavily guarded .
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden .
Honesty is a virtue .
She suddenly became famous .
Didn t you know that he passed away two years ago ?
America did away with slavery in .
My life would be completely empty without you .
Life would become bland without you .
The can is empty .
The jar is empty .
I don t think it s possible to finish that amount of work in one day .
I have diarrhea .
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love hate relationship .
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day .
I hope you have a good trip .
Bon voyage !
I hope you have a good trip .
Bon voyage !
I hope you have a good trip .
Bon voyage !
When Dad came home I was watching TV .
He s a man of outstanding character .
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider .
He has already finished his homework .
Parrots imitate human speech .
All sold out !
The girl s eyes were filled with tears .
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions .
Mary is at a loss what to say to him .
On the whole I am satisfied with the result .
Fresh fruit is good for your health .
I was abducted by aliens .
She s not prettier than her mother .
I ve got nothing to do with it .
He s much younger than Tom .
If so what should we do ?
I m not ashamed of my father being poor .
Don t throw a stone at the dog .
He likes coffee without sugar .
Just follow your heart .
I don t know why she is this worried .
So friendly was his letter that she was deeply moved and began to cry .
The buses left one after another .
We must work as long as we live .
What will you have to drink ?
He decided not to buy the house because in the first place it was too expensive and in the second place it was too far from his office .
I got up early enough to catch the first train .
Do you have a points card ?
Do you have a rewards card ?
I am studying now .
I want to leave Paris .
This gun has a range of meters .
He invented an excuse for being late .
I feel like the window was open all night .
Who do you think I am ?
I introduced Mary to my parents .
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do .
I m back ! Oh ? Have we got a guest ?
It has been two years since he went over to America to study English .
I ve got little time for reading these days .
He had a lot of work to do .
I speak a little Japanese .
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind . He took me for some other person I m sure .
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind . He must have mistaken me for someone else .
I forgot to lock the storeroom .
I cried all night long .
Her new novel has been highly praised .
Do you know this man in the picture ?
What s the nationality of that cameraman over there ?
Tell me when to start .
Tell me when to begin .
Hope is not a strategy .
Do you run every day ?
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure .
I aimed my gun at the target .
I will be free in ten minutes .
This house is mine .
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother .
I ve already come here before .
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi .
You look as if you don t have a care in the world .
I think so too .
When did this occur ?
They change everything .
You re the boss .
I m in Boston going for my Ph .D . right now .
This website is very useful .
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan .
Put the carrots in the pot .
Betty killed him .
You re completely right !
I live in this place .
I live in this area .
My pen isn t as good as yours .
This coffee is too hot for me to drink .
No Trespassing .
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life .
How fast you walk !
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person .
This flag is very beautiful .
I need help from several people .
My right hand is Uighur and my left is Han .
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays .
The trees are green .
He got a lot of money .
There s nothing that can be done .
There is one way .
I need to go to the China Construction Bank .
He stretched out his arm to take the book .
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain .
Life is a long long road .
He accepted my idea .
Mr Suzuki as far as I know has not returned from Hawaii yet .
A plastic dish will melt on the stove .
When Michael is at home his work is to clean the windows .
I miss you badly .
I miss you very much .
What is your name ?
What s your name ?
My train left at and arrived in New York at .
The United States is a republic .
Follow me into the room .
How long have you known her ?
How long have you known her for ?
God knows we did everything we could .
Don t depend too much on others .
I like to eat apples .
Hi Roger . I m doing well .
Do you remember ?
A crowd gathered on this street .
I don t go to school on Sundays .
An earthquake can take place at any time .
The family received me very warmly .
Do you need this book ?
The total comes to yen .
I was puzzled about what to do next .
No one lives in this building .
I d like something to eat .
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair ?
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane .
They lost their way otherwise they would have arrived long ago .
If I had eaten breakfast this morning I would not be hungry now .
Why are there crickets in my room ?
I would like to improve my English pronunciation .
I forgot what his name was .
He s crazy about soccer .
All tragedies end with a death .
He studied English history .
I went to his place straight away .
It s nothing don t be afraid !
It ll be fine don t be afraid !
These plants are too small . I don t think that they ll grow .
You ve come back ?
You ve come back ?
You ve come back ?
You ve come back ?
Have you returned ?
Stop !
We have a cat . We are all fond of it .
In China there s a saying that you can t judge a person by appearance .
What should I do ?
Is the bank far from here ?
I would like you to assist me with my gardening .
Who wants hot chocolate ?
It s hot today .
It s rather cold today .
Is anybody here ?
Prostitution gambling the use of narcotic substances drunkenness disorder and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN .
This is for you .
I have a high fever .
He just arrived .
He broke the law .
It s not that far .
I haven t seen her for a long time .
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied .
Mother told me to mow the lawn .
He deliberately exposed her to danger .
I will not borrow money from those people .
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot .
After a six month period his leg was healed and is normal again .
Either you or I must attend the meeting .
This is a matter of great importance .
The box he found was empty .
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good .
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist .
Your composition was good except for the spelling .
We have no school tomorrow .
If you go by bus you can get there in about one third of the time .
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant .
My uncle lives in Madrid the capital of Spain .
He believes himself to be infallible .
You should apologize to her for being rude .
John lives in New York .
Take me to your leader .
If you don t want to stay alone I can keep you company .
Ken plays soccer every day .
He sat there looking out the window .
He fired three shots .
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park .
My mother speaks slowly .
I would rather stay here .
I come here every Fourth of July .
Give him an inch and he ll take a yard .
How old is he ?
His room s a mess .
When you leave the bathroom you should wash your hands .
He doesn t tan .
Even times odd is even odd times odd is odd .
I don t want to lose my ideas even though some of them are a bit extreme .
Even though he apologized I m still furious .
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch .
This is the pen that he signed the document with .
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion .
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean .
I differ from you on that point .
We have different ways of thinking with regard to this issue .
We had better sit down here .
Don t worry about us .
Do you live in Tokyo ?
Two boys came running out of the room .
I haven t met him .
When will you get ready to leave ?
How come you say nothing ?
The fat woman was holding a monkey .
The contents of the box are listed on the label .
Got it ?
I think that they re a lot of fun .
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them .
Would you like another cup of tea ?
There s no such thing as a perfect sentence . Just as there s no such thing as perfect despair .
Let s leave the decision to our teacher .
The water mains burst due to the earthquake .
Another war and we will be ruined .
How long is this pencil ?
I ve heard nothing .
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji .
I think it s you who should apologize to her .
It s time for you to buy a new car .
I wish we had more time .
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone .
How much is the entrance fee ?
She lives next door to him .
I ll call you my boss .
This is Brian Rock .
Their two shadows overlap .
I have a cat and a dog . The cat is black and the dog is white .
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes .
Even though he was poor he was happy .
Madeira is the name of a wine .
With the approach of Christmas business improved somewhat .
I would buy the car but I am poor .
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor .
Everybody is waiting for you .
Can I borrow your tennis racket today ?
I just don t know what to say .
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization .
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen .
I have to take the entrance examination today .
I had my hair cut at a barber s shop .
Should he be given another chance he would do his best .
When I m sad my friends encourage me .
Mother has gone shopping .
I like Japanese food and customs so it follows that I like living in Japan .
This telephone is out of order .
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard .
I will lend you any book that I have so long as you keep it clean .
Never try to die .
As the lion is king of beasts so is the eagle king of birds .
In British English to get the sack means to be fired from your job .
I wasn t fired . I quit .
At one time Nigeria was a British colony .
Don t underestimate us .
Don t underestimate me .
Rock paper scissors .
You re a reporter .
Chris gets gold coins !
She is a good swimmer .
Never did I dream that George would cheat me .
British English differs from American English in many ways .
This building is near completion .
Open the window and you ll have fresh air .
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees .
What does SFX stand for ?
Help !
The flowers have all withered .
Is English more difficult than Japanese ?
Tom and I have nothing in common .
She said good bye with a smile but there was a good deal of bitterness in her heart .
The boy standing over there is my son .
I m busy now .
The past can only be known not changed . The future can only be changed not known .
At first glance the question seemed easy .
Start right now and you ll catch up with them .
Do you love me ?
It is difficult for me to get up before six .
She s famous as a singer but not as a poet .
He must be very angry to say such a thing .
I don t understand what you are talking about .
When the bomb exploded I happened to be there .
I am a vegetarian .
Jack always finds fault with others . That s why everybody avoids him .
Every time I hear that song I think of my high school days .
All at once they began to laugh .
The dragon is an imaginary creature .
Imported cars account for less than eight percent .
When he reached the station the train had already left almost half an hour before .
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball .
Cool the burned finger in running water .
I want to spend my life with you .
Please let me know the result by telephone .
I want to tell you a strange thing .
I want to work with your company .
In case of fire do not use the lift .
Mind your head .
Has he come yet ?
I ve paid parking fines a number of times myself .
I wrote a love letter last night .
Please give me something to eat . I am so hungry .
Written in easy English the book is easy to read .
Our branches extend all over the country .
We heard the bomb go off .
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory .
So we finally meet ! I ve waited so long for this moment .
The tree was ready to fall at any moment .
I can t keep this up . It s an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss s face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad .
A hundred years is called a century .
He s your senior fellow apprentice .
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak .
I m not serious .
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary .
Rumor says he resigned .
This discovery will be recorded in history .
The accident took place near his home .
She hit the ball hard .
I feel like I m being drawn into your eyes .
Chrysanthemums smell sweet .
How long did it take you to translate this book ?
I must say good bye to you .
Such manuals should be written in simpler language .
The policeman aimed his gun at the man .
Please forgive me .
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first .
Read this book .
I will not allow you to use my pen .
I m not going to apologize . What are you going to do about it ?
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase .
This device made it possible to turn sea water into fresh water easily .
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay .
That wasn t my intention .
I didn t mean it .
Don t move .
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know but rather cold to those they don t .
He took her words as a compliment .
Hong Kong is referred to as the Pearl of Asia .
Do you know if she can speak English ?
What did she say ?
The sun rose from the sea .
I m using Twitter .
It s incredible that your mother speaks six languages !
My room is a pigsty .
This is your dog .
He did not answer the phone so I sent him an email .
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth .
I see her sweeping the room .
Something has happened to my car .
I like each of them .
He came in with his eyes shining .
Come on ! Give me a chance .
She told me that she would go to Paris in August .
Excuse me I have to get off at the next stop .
I save what money I got .
He does nothing but complain from morning till night .
You idiot !
Where is your dog ?
Show me your passport please .
Will you show me your passport please ?
Beauty is but skin deep .
Where were you yesterday ?
I d like three of these .
Please leave me alone .
He is not religious .
I did not participate in the dialog .
How s the breakfast at McDonald s ?
What language is spoken in Egypt ?
What did he say ?
He stills comes visit me from time to time .
Sometimes I see him at the club .
We go fishing from time to time .
I will be at the meeting .
I m sure that this is a fresh water fish .
They are my brothers .
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing !
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world .
Friendly Reminder Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to so as to avoid delays in your trip .
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old .
That nurse is very kind and polite .
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success .
I looked after him for a period of time .
As far as I m concerned this coffee is too strong .
Here s where they usually have dinner .
I was alone in the classroom .
I love pizza very much .
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise .
I can love .
He did it for money .
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him ?
Next to China Switzerland is an abandoned village .
He opposes racism .
He s opposed to racial discrimination .
Discriminating against people because of their race is a mistake .
There is a bus every minutes .
He has no reason to be late .
The bus was behind schedule .
You need to pay extra for the batteries .
Possibly because he s got a beard he looks scary at first glance but he s really a kind man .
My parents won t let me date .
My parents won t let me go out with boys .
He shot an arrow at the deer .
I followed the deer s tracks .
We played soccer yesterday .
The calculator on the table is mine .
Nature never deceives us it is always we who deceive ourselves .
Man is born free and everywhere he is in chains .
The woman observes and the man thinks .
Mike and Ken are friends .
Time is the most precious thing in the world .
She does not like sushi .
Cats like fish more than they like meat .
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive .
I was a student at that time .
I visited Dan .
She looks a lot like her mother .
Please shuffle the cards carefully .
Are you lost ?
Are you lost ?
What I m about to say is strictly between you and me .
What have you done today ?
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence .
Now I will introduce you to my parents .
Now I want to introduce my parents to you .
I met an old woman .
Turn to the left .
Turn left .
My computer has frozen .
Sleeping on a carpet is great .
He was wounded in the shoulder .
Did you come here alone ?
We ll always be friends .
They say that he has been dead for two years .
She began to sing .
I love my life .
I love my life .
I m glad that I didn t buy something like this .
He is still here .
Your dog is very big .
Your dog is very big .
Your dog is very fat .
Mary has already started .
She cannot be over thirty .
The police are looking into the matter .
What s that ?
What s this ?
What is that ?
What s the daily fee ?
I m thirsty .
Good night !
Goodnight !
It s not difficult if you study .
I don t like this one .
I don t particularly like her .
For what reason did you cry ?
This book is hard for me to read .
Her diligence is a good example to us all .
In this secret code each number stands for a letter of the alphabet .
He gave his life for the nation .
Everything went well .
I never saw so big a whale .
Kate is looked up to by everybody .
How about eating out this evening for a change ?
The computer is placed to the left of the women .
The building has floors .
My father died three years ago that is to say in .
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket .
The colors of the American flag are red white and blue .
The coffee is cold .
The children go to school in the morning .
The cat is watching the fish .
The cat is looking at the fish .
Carrots cost three dollars .
It s just your imagination .
It is just your imagination .
It s only your imagination .
I can t stand naughty children .
I ll attend the next meeting .
Jane calls a spade a spade .
It is stupid of you to believe in him .
I may have made a mistake .
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing .
There is a spoon missing .
My dictionary is very useful .
You d better hurry .
He writes Arabic .
It s not that easy to learn a new language after fifty .
Come along with me .
I couldn t put up with her arrogant behavior .
We did it ourselves .
I got that news from Hashimoto .
I m starting to bleed .
I don t remember your name .
What is the distance between New York and London ?
At first I didn t like him .
By the way I have something to tell you .
The town is two miles away from the coast .
He closed the window for fear of rain .
They say fine words are no virtue if they re insincere and that s him in a nutshell . He s all talk but doesn t mean a word of it .
She said to herself Where shall I go next ? 
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen s teeth around here .
I got hurt during an experiment and the injury was pretty serious .
Does Tom have to stay home today ?
You re already useless .
Hi everybody !
We called him a hero but he betrayed us .
The new secretary types about words per minute .
As their conversation was in French I could not understand a word .
She gave him the money .
She gave him all the money that she had then .
If you want to keep meat for long freeze it .
Have you read this article ?
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters !
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month .
He is not as smart as his older brother .
He is not as intelligent as his older brother .
He has three daughters one is married but the others aren t .
He has three elder sisters .
He has three older sisters .
The little fridge is dirty .
She s my older sister .
You must rid yourself of bad habits .
You ve set a bad example .
You must make up for the loss .
You had better put on a raincoat .
You don t like love stories .
Did you go to the doctor ?
You ll never be alone .
You ll never be alone .
You d better consult the doctor .
You d better consult the doctor .
I m surprised that you re so na ve .
I m surprised that you re so na ve .
I m surprised that you re so na ve .
You are in a safe place .
I think you ll have very little difficulty in getting a driver s license .
What do you call this vegetable in English ?
You must quit smoking .
Do you study English ?
Do you study English ?
What do you want now ?
What do you want now ?
Do you belong to any clubs ?
You are not a coward .
You are not a coward .
The victory was won at the cost of many lives .
You dropped your pencil .
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie !
You re too suspicious about everything .
What do you want to be ?
What do you want to be ?
You continue making the same mistakes time after time .
You may go anywhere .
You may go anywhere .
Stop complaining and do as you re told .
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal .
I m sorry my father is out .
Unfortunately my father isn t at home .
What a pity !
What should I do ?
Will you tell me where I am wrong ?
What are my responsibilities ?
What are my tasks ?
Would you mind my using this dictionary ?
Was the movie good ?
What color is your hair ?
What do you like to do in your free time ?
What do you like to do in your free time ?
Put him in .
Dad bought me a camera .
A ring and some cash are missing .
I helped her translate this sentence so many times .
All roads lead to Rome .
The country code for Italy is .
He doesn t have a job . He s retired .
What do you want it for ?
What does it contain ?
What does this stand for ?
What does it mean ?
What have I got to do so that you ll pay attention to me ?
Today is my treat .
Once a war breaks out both sides are in the wrong .
What fruit is red ?
How did you come to know her ?
He often walks with his hand in his pocket .
It s getting dark . Please turn the light on for me .
An ostrich does not fly through the air .
The house in which we lived was torn down .
There is no shortcut to success .
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present .
The mayor s family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day .
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire .
Lincoln was opposed to slavery .
Mr Wang is from China .
Mr . Wang is Chinese .
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture .
This bike belongs to my younger brother .
This bike belongs to my little brother .
Each boy has a bike .
There are more girls than boys in this school .
He drinks a glass of water every morning .
I have lived here for thirty years .
I hadn t recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it .
Having been written in haste the book has a lot of errors .
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street .
At that time my mother was younger than I am now .
Many stars are twinkling in the sky .
He never says thanks in spite of all that I ve done for him .
As I entered the caf I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television .
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field ?
I m sure people ask you this question all the time but it s all that comes to mind right now .
As far as English is concerned nobody can beat me .
I ll go on QQ immediately .
 Yes we have met before said Mr Jordan .
I don t go on QQ very often .
I d like to marry a girl who likes to play video games .
The red lines on the map represent a railway .
It s fifty kilometers to Paris .
I am proud to be a part of this project .
You don t have to wait until the end .
If the weather is nice tomorrow we will have a picnic .
Please give me some more coffee .
My pet cat died yesterday .
At last John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves .
If you are by my side I don t need anything else .
Are there any movie theaters near here ?
Observe bacteria magnified ten thousand times .
Our committee consists of ten members .
I want to go with a friend to Hokkaido next month .
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method .
We used to be neighbours .
I will help you buy one concert ticket .
Is this seat available ?
That is my sister s camera .
That s my coat .
I hate studying .
He seldom comes to see me .
What does your father do ?
The first group studies in the morning the second in the evening .
I am divorced .
Iron is a useful metal .
My butt hurts .
What did you open it with ?
He is drunk .
You have many books .
You have many books .
You ve been had .
You ve been had .
What have you come here for ?
You are very brave .
You are very courageous .
You are very brave .
That s very sweet of you .
You re really wonderful .
You may go anywhere you like .
What do you need the money for ?
Why did you use up all the money ?
How high can you jump ?
How high can you jump ?
You look very tired .
Why do you accuse my son ?
Why did you leave the class yesterday ?
Why do you want to study abroad ?
Why do you want to study abroad ?
You haven t changed at all .
You haven t washed your hands yet have you ?
You are now an adult .
You must get up a little earlier .
I am cold .
I m cold .
This room is too small to contain men .
They wash their hands with soap .
Is this your family ?
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world .
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition .
You should have completed it long ago .
In the summer I wear short sleeved shirts .
How dare you speak like that !
By lack of attention she hit the post with her car .
So far as I know he is an honest man .
He was disqualified from the competition .
China is the largest country in Asia .
There is no need to be frightened . He won t harm you .
She participates in many school activities .
As far as I know the book has never been translated into Japanese .
 Do you want a T shirt ? Yes I want a red one . 
Such a man is bound to fail .
I ll come and see you at p .m . on Sunday .
Have you finished packing yet ?
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures .
We will never give in to terrorist demands .
Even though he apologized I m still furious .
 What is she saying ? You don t even know norito ? Norito ? It s something like a Shinto spell . 
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered .
Judging from the present look of the sky we may have a downpour any moment .
Who is your favorite composer ?
I m a British girl from Manchester .
 Hey when do the dorms lock up ? o clock Whoops if we don t run we won t make it ! 
 You don t get on well with your father ? . . . Sorry that was none of my business . 
 Hey ! It s dangerous to run here . Eh ? . . . A a Aaah ! ! Oh dear what did I tell you ? 
That s my cat .
Her grandmother lived to be eighty eight years old .
She received a doctor s degree .
Nobody can foresee when the war will end .
Who are you referring to ?
There ! She comes !
That film s really interesting .
That cloud is in the shape of a fish .
May I eat that cake ?
I m sorry .
Excuse me .
Miss ! I feel sick .
It s my duty to help you .
I was born to love you .
Are you free tomorrow ?
I admire you .
I suppose you like him .
Can you ride a horse ?
Do you have a car ?
Have you got a car ?
Can you drive a car ?
He fixed the watch for me .
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free .
I have a lot of work to do .
It was a lovely autumn evening .
A square has four sides .
My resolution dissolved at the last moment .
Beware of pickpockets here .
This table is just as large as ours .
Please tell me your name and telephone number .
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player .
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs .
My father works for a power company .
I want something to eat .
I want to eat something .
It rained five successive days .
So we d better stay home .
The twenty first century begins in .
You can t be hungry . You ve just had dinner .
I wish the rain would stop .
My spoon is bigger !
Can you mend these shoes for me ?
Mary went on a voyage around the world .
Her grandmother lived to be years old .
She got very angry with her children .
I thought he was my brother .
We found out that he was her father .
How would you like your steak ?
I d send my kid out on his own for a while if I were you . A few hard knocks at this point might do him some good .
I ll pick you up at your home .
He can speak five languages .
He was home alone at the time .
I ll bring it to you tomorrow .
I carried the box on my shoulder .
I don t understand music .
I didn t know she was married .
I don t have to clean my room .
I m too .
I am never at home on Sundays .
Is there a nonstop flight to New York ?
She got a present from her boyfriend .
I fed the leftovers to my dog .
I don t want to eat lunch now .
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform .
I decided not to go to Europe .
I bought a pen but I lost it .
I can eat anything but onions .
I don t know how to go there .
I thought of a good idea .
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury .
Today I have a lot of homework .
Now I remember .
What is missing ?
Let s turn back .
If he studied hard he would pass the test .
Oh ! Show it to me please .
To tell the truth I would rather stay at home than go out .
Frankly speaking I actually wanted to stay at home instead of going out .
The post office is a few minutes walk from here .
I tried to reach you on the phone but I was unable to get through .
The boy opened the window although his mother told him not to .
Do come in please .
May I use your toilet ?
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now .
I don t speak German .
Germany was once allied with Italy .
Germany adopted a social security system in the s .
Shut the door .
Close the door .
As soon as the door opened they ran away .
Turn on the TV .
According to TV news there was a plane crash in India .
But I am able to cook well .
But I was always too lazy .
But you like it !
I will ask him about it tomorrow then .
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth .
How was your test ?
I will help you as far as I can .
I ran as fast as possible .
I ll finish it as quickly as I can .
Do this work by tomorrow if possible .
I want a map of Texas on a scale of to .
This is the reason why I came here .
This is why I came back .
He dropped his wallet and now it s mine .
You must study hard .
Have you got a red pencil ?
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged .
Were it not for music the world would be a dull place .
The situation is worse than we believed .
We can continue playing as long as we don t make too much noise .
The transportation in this city is very convenient .
My house has a fruit garden .
Don t ramble .
His ideas never earned him a single penny .
I m going to go buy some materials today .
I use Twitter .
Best served chilled .
Bob is popular at school .
This river is three times longer than that one .
He is immediately above me in rank .
I strolled along the streets to kill time .
I m really sorry to trouble you !
It would take forever for me to explain everything .
My mind is at ease believing you ll keep the secret .
Tom may have missed the train . He hasn t come yet .
What was that noise ?
Butterflies of this species are now extinct .
If it were not for examinations how happy our school life would be !
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out .
This is a good textbook .
Their trip was postponed because of the rain .
One plus two is equal to three .
How is it going ?
How are you doing ?
How s it going ?
How are you ?
How re you doing ?
Does she speak French ?
She rides her bike to school .
Did you sleep well ?
Are you a college student ?
It s still too early to talk about this now .
I can t stand it anymore .
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war .
I understand how to solve the problem .
I like shopping on eBay .
I truly do not understand the question .
I really don t understand this problem .
They became very nervous .
I hate when other people make me wait a long time .
Hurry and you will catch the train .
He lost his most beloved son .
I study Korean .
I was wrong .
That s not a cat . That s a dog .
That s not a cat . It s a dog .
Mary was proud of her beauty .
How are you doing ?
How are you ?
How re you doing ?
Don t be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English .
Is there anything you want that you don t have ?
You must always keep your hands clean .
You must always keep your hands clean .
How long have you been alienated from your family ?
You re starting to warm up now .
Where did you go last Sunday ?
You will soon get accustomed to your new school .
Have you finished reading that novel ?
All you have to do is to wait .
Why did you try to run away ?
Why do you try to run away ?
Are you mad ?
Are you angry ?
Are you mad ?
Are you angry ?
This is my question .
Have you taken your medicine yet ?
My hometown is very pretty .
Go straight on down this street .
Let s go now .
You should keep your valuables in a safe place .
Another day gone by .
Her mother always accompanies her .
I suppose you re hungry .
I suppose you re hungry .
May I leave now ?
May I go now ?
My camera was stolen on the train .
Do you plan to go abroad ?
Did you play tennis yesterday ?
You ve got a big hole in your sock .
I don t understand what you re trying to say .
What you are saying does not make sense .
We all consider your idea to be impractical .
Where have you come from ?
I know that money isn t everything .
We call him Skunk Man .
Tokyo which is the largest city in Japan is awake hours .
It s still too early to talk about this now .
Shoes are sold in pairs .
Are my socks dry already ?
If you sign up to Facebook your information will be sent to intelligence agencies .
They defused the bomb before it could blow up .
I want to do it myself .
Oh you are early this morning .
I m all for it .
Fill in the blanks with suitable words .
Please tell me how to get to the airport .
I ll phone you as soon as I get to the airport .
The papers that were in the safe are gone .
Today we are going to unravel the mystery of the English subjunctive .
She was blind deaf and dumb .
I want to live in a world where people love one another .
Yes .
Oh no ! My house is on fire !
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window .
The revolution has brought about many changes .
If you do not have this program you can download it now .
I have recently given up smoking .
How old are your children ?
She left home with everything she owned .
The audience was largely made up of very young children .
I do not trust him any longer .
He asked us to help him .
This novel is difficult to understand .
This novel is very difficult to understand .
I have a Facebook account .
Are you talking to me ?
He likes mathematics but I don t .
He likes math but I don t .
She s quick on her feet so no matter what you say to her she ll have a witty comeback .
People under cannot get married .
Is there anything else you want me to do ?
I ll do whatever you want me to do .
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica .
His sudden appearance surprised us all .
Are you there ?
How many cats are there in this house ?
Paraguay is a country in South America .
That comic s jokes are all old hat and we ve heard them before .
This room has fine ventilation .
I think you had better stick to your present job .
Don t forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days .
The students lunch period is from twelve to one .
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand .
Don t forget to return the book to the library .
Come I ll serve some for you .
You can t live on this side anymore .
Do you want to come along ?
This is the monsoon season .
He has a lot of money .
Linux is a free operating system you should try it .
It s not a bug it s an undocumented feature .
Whose notebook is that ?
I like shopping in used book stores and in used clothing shops .
Everyone says that he s a good man .
Everybody says that he is a kind soul .
Don t speak with your mouth full !
I learned English words by heart all day yesterday .
Regardless what you may do the outcome will still be the same .
I was absorbed in a book and didn t hear you call .
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him .
Windows is the most used operating system in the world .
He asked me what I had bought .
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him .
We can t go outside because it s raining .
Where s the nearest train station ?
Your watch is more expensive than mine .
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening .
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used .
In Brazil won its first World Cup victory .
Let s wait until it stops raining .
Which season do you like the best ?
The baby started to cry .
My baby began crying asking for milk .
How often do you see him ?
The event is still fresh in our memory .
Here is my baggage .
In China there is a large number of characters so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate .
Do you know how high the television tower is ?
May I call you tomorrow ?
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom .
He seldom writes to his parents .
Where s my book ?
Where is my book ?
Where are my books ?
I respect her selflessness .
A dog runs after a cat and the cat after a mouse .
He has two cats .
She has two cats . One is black and the other is white .
She s got two cats . One s white and the other is black .
Look there s a cat in the kitchen .
I would rather starve than steal .
Where is the milk tea ?
Where is the tea with milk ?
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars .
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not .
The store sells foodstuffs such as butter cheese and sugar .
Real friendship is more valuable than money .
My name is Hopkins .
Everybody is equal before the law .
We are equal in the eyes of the law .
I miss him .
You did a good job .
That s impossible .
Please do not answer this fraudulent e mail and certainly do not click on the links in the e mail .
Naples is a picturesque city .
His essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class .
He is from France .
He is French .
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain .
Do you like Japanese food ?
Is he a doctor ?
Little did I dream that I would see you here .
International disputes must be settled peacefully .
Could I get you to update this data for me ?
Without the light of the sun we could see nothing .
Our school was reduced to ashes .
The math homework was easier than I had expected .
Smoking means suicide .
Put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night .
We will soon be ready for the party .
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can t let down my guard .
Is it large enough ?
He seems to be rich .
It is very important for us to love a river .
If her nose were a little shorter she would be quite pretty .
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast .
Even expert drivers can make mistakes .
If you stay at a big hotel you can use their swimming pool .
To say is one thing and to do quite another .
Hungry ?
I beg your pardon I didn t quite catch your name .
If only she had been home when I called yesterday !
What I said hurt his pride .
I often played baseball when I was young .
There is no one but knows that the earth is round .
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet .
I want to clean the house before my parents return .
I m sorry my boss is sleeping right now . Please come back tomorrow .
You wake up lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave . A little light filters down from above . You can just make out a couple of openings leading away from the cave . What do you do now ?
His mother made him clean the bathroom .
As is often the case with young people he was indifferent to money .
She said that she brushes her teeth every morning .
They ll get out of class in forty minutes .
The birds home is in the forest the fish s home is in the river the bees home is in the flowers and the little children s is in China . We love our motherland from the time we re little as the birds love the forest the fish love the river and the bees love the flowers .
His martial arts prowess has already reached a level of sublime perfection .
He found my bike .
I went there dozens of times .
The vase was broken to pieces .
Some apples fell down from the tree .
He is able to speak ten languages .
Prime numbers are like life they are completely logical but impossible to find the rules for even if you spend all your time thinking about it .
After a while the little black rabbit sat down and looked very sad .
She may have been beautiful when young .
 Will they go on strike again ? I m afraid so . 
Guns don t kill people . People kill people .
Speaking of Mary I have not seen her for a long time .
Dima slept with men in one night and then killed them .
Hiding from the police Dima spent the night in a dumpster .
The next morning Dima got out of the dumpster but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage .
We rowed up the river against the current .
We discussed the problem for a long time .
I was in the hospital for a week .
We have supplied the villagers with food .
Raise your hand when I call your name .
I have something I want to say to you .
Yes I m coming immediately .
What s your friend s name ?
It s not immoral for a novelist to tell lies . In fact the bigger the lies the better lies and the more the common folks and critics will praise you .
That bag is mine .
What is he doing now ?
Why did my sixty year old landlord buy a trampoline ?
Are you busy ?
Are you busy ?
The experiment confirmed his theory .
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand .
We painted the door green .
I d like to turn off the reading lamp is that OK ?
What is the ultimate purpose of education ?
It s absurd of you to do that .
Our garden was full of weeds .
Who teaches you French ?
Swimming at night is dangerous .
This is their house .
Wash your feet .
Wash your feet .
A truck was standing in the middle of the road .
Two coffees with milk please .
He washes the car .
India is a region rich in culinary culture .
This book is worth reading again .
You have just done your homework .
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
His office is past the bank on your left .
My watch has been stolen .
He is acquainted with my wife .
I want you to read this letter .
I have something to give you .
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident .
Picasso is a famous artist .
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle .
Hold on someone is knocking at my door .
Look at that smoke . That building must be on fire .
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus .
They re washing their hands .
The teacher scolded his students severely .
I caught the flu .
I am getting a cold .
I have a cold .
Who is this person ?
What a long cucumber !
I am hot .
I m hot .
Do you have a sewing needle ?
I ve been so busy this past week that I ve hardly had time to relax .
We waited for hours before help arrived .
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me .
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English .
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday .
I lost the camera I had bought the day before .
He clutched her arm firmly .
This year has been a lucky one for him .
You may go cycling if it doesn t rain .
He invited me to his house .
I ve finished reading the book .
Show me an example .
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad .
My house is near the station .
What a good idea !
He is my friend .
He s my friend .
I m a translator .
I am a translator .
If you like seafood you ve come to the right place !
Let s make our own language so no one will know what we re talking about !
 I really need some new clothes thought Dima .
Thankfully there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept .
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner .
She has bought some cloth she is going to make herself a dress .
I would like to buy some aspirin .
He learned how to swim .
If he says I love you all the time he doesn t mean it .
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope ?
He can t swim at all but when it comes to skiing he is the best .
Go ahead with your story .
He doesn t have long to live .
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year .
I m sorry I ve mistaken the direction .
She gets lost really easily . She s got no sense of direction .
The weather was not only cold but also wet .
He asked me who had painted the picture .
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death . You really never know what might happen next .
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party .
I motioned for her to sit down .
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat .
I miss my elementary school teachers .
The wedding will take place on Saturday .
According to an estimate steel production will reach million tons this year .
This desk is a little low for me .
He saved the boy from drowning but only at the cost of his own life .
From a strictly scientific point of view history cannot be called a science .
Who is that man ?
 Who is in the car ? Tom is . 
None of the teachers could solve the problem .
None of the teachers could solve the problem .
Where s the nearest shopping mall ?
He could not forsake his friend in trouble .
She accepted his gift .
I love watching soccer games .
Whose book is this ?
Whose book is that ?
I watch television .
Where s the restroom ?
Where is the toilet ?
Where s the toilet ?
I am delighted to meet you .
It s nice meeting you .
I m . meters tall .
The girl who works at the bakery is cute .
I also brought some gruel I made . It just needs warming up .
You went to bed at o clock in the morning ? No wonder you look sleepy today .
Mrs . Harris is very doubtful about her son s future .
I was about to go out when the phone rang .
Who first reached the summit of Mt . Everest ?
My room is twice as large as yours .
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert .
I say this from my heart .
The office has been topsy turvy since the merger upset everything .
Japan consists of four major islands and over small islands and is about equal to California in area .
If he had taken my advice he would now be rich .
This car is running less smoothly than it used to .
As he looked through the store window Dima s eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit and then widened even more when he noticed the . BYR price tag .
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character ?
Betty has a sweet voice .
The war didn t break out by accident .
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa .
She wore a red dress .
Don t shoot the devil in the back . You might miss .
That teapot s pretty dirty .
That is quite another matter .
That s another matter .
I m now busy writing a book .
We should respect our parents .
We re sorry . The number you have dialed is currently unavailable .
Your method is different from mine .
My opinion is entirely different from yours .
Nothing can be explained .
My sword may be blunt but that s more than enough for someone like you .
He has an eye for antiques .
My wishes for your father s rapid recovery .
I spoke to him in English but I couldn t make myself understood .
I hesitated about which road to take .
The flowers in the garden need watering .
Stay calm whatever happens .
May I use your ink pad ?
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner .
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French ?
I usually go home at four .
You look pale . You had better lie down in bed at once .
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young .
Ice turns to water when it gets warm .
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police .
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents .
Can you sing this song ?
You ve invited your friends as well ?
I meant to call her but I forgot to .
Her blue shoes go well with that dress .
Her blue shoes go well with that skirt .
He avenged the murder of his father .
Some people believe in God and others don t .
If I go to China it d be to speak Chinese as much as possible .
We shall start after breakfast .
He died yesterday .
Her name wasn t on the list .
Winter in New York can be very cold .
The bell rang and the train moved off .
The pitiful sight moved us to tears .
I m getting along with my mother in law very well .
I don t care whichever you choose .
It s up to you .
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees even in midsummer .
Our house stands by the road .
Christmas approached .
We can t get close to the enemy .
When happiness comes knocking at your door .
I can t find my glasses . I may have left them behind on the train .
How much is this racket ?
It may rain tomorrow but we are going in any case .
You should tell him the truth .
You should tell him the truth .
A woman fell from a ship into the sea .
I don t like him because he loses his temper easily .
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce .
He is particularly kind to her .
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else .
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts .
It doesn t surprise me .
It depends on the context .
I m just saying !
I ve always wondered what it d be like to have siblings .
It would take forever for me to explain everything .
I didn t mean to be selfish .
In order to do that you have to take risks .
I am not without my shortcomings but these shortcomings can easily be amended .
Innocence is a beautiful thing .
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is I really don t know .
I think that our living together has influenced your habits .
The train had already left when we got to station .
I didn t like it .
If I were a bird I could fly to you .
She s asking how that s possible .
I wish I could go to Japan .
I have to go to bed .
It may freeze next week .
That wasn t my intention .
Thanks for your explanation .
If I wanted to scare you I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago .
I don t like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can t express themselves explicitly .
I need to ask you a silly question .
When you re beginning to look like the photo in your passport you should go on a holiday .
May I talk to Ms . Brown ?
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world .
Hey I may have no money but I still have my pride .
I have a dream .
This is my friend Rachel . We went to high school together .
Shall we meet tomorrow ?
I have to go shopping . I ll be back in an hour .
You re not fast enough .
Is it far from here ?
These things aren t mine !
What time is it ?
It s not my fault !
I d like to stay for one night .
Where are the showers ?
Open your mouth !
 Pass me the salt please . Here you are . 
No one came .
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you re not .
Don t worry be happy !
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected .
Look at me when I talk to you !
I was trying to kill time .
How are you ? Did you have a good trip ?
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger .
Computers make people stupid .
If you don t understand something it s because you aren t aware of its context .
Thanks for the memories .
He earns not more than dollars a week .
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place .
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley .
He earns not more than dollars a week .
I have an older brother and a younger sister .
He failed to see the stop sign at the intersection and hit an oncoming car .
You don t know who I am .
Why don t you eat vegetables ?
I m undressing .
There are no real visions .
Creationism is a pseudo science .
The wind calmed down .
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority .
I don t understand German .
I give you my word .
There are types of people in the world those who understand binary and those who don t .
I don t like learning irregular verbs .
He s already a man .
I m afraid to fall .
You didn t tell him anything ?
You are irresistible .
Who is this girl ?
The opposite of inconvenient is convenient .
Life is beautiful .
Need we wait for her ?
I can t take it anymore ! I haven t slept for three days !
If you can t have children you could always adopt .
Hey look a three headed monkey !
It s a pity that you can t buy miracles like you would buy potatoes .
This baby penguin is too cute !
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom the music is nothing if the audience is deaf .
I was planning on going to the beach today but then it started to rain .
Liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible .
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes .
If two men always have the same opinion one of them is unnecessary .
Hello ? Are you still here ?
I started learning Chinese last week .
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street .
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine .
It s practical to have a laptop .
Your glasses fell on the floor .
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror ?
She doesn t want to talk about it .
I need more time .
It doesn t mean anything !
Close the door when you leave .
If there s no solution then there s no problem .
You met him at the university ?
Yes it happens from time to time .
I m going to save more money .
Even people who don t believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader .
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays .
It depends what you mean by believe in God .
If I gave no answer I would not have spoken .
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests .
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students papers .
Even if your sentences were actually senseless you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences .
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out .
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember .
The news article painted the defendant as a guilty man even though he had been proven innocent .
The politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials .
I dreamt about you .
I dreamed about you .
I think I m gonna sneeze . Give me a tissue .
I ve changed my website s layout .
I have to do laundry while it s still sunny .
Stop criticizing me !
Don t keep criticizing me !
It s all dark outside .
It s totally dark outside .
It s pitch black outside .
I am too old for this world .
I m too old for this world .
Life begins when we realize who we really are .
It is never too late to learn .
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework seeing as the students don t work enough ?
It s just five in the morning but nevertheless it is light out .
What are you talking about ?
I want a piece of candy .
The police are really good at understanding Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges . It s a lot harder to get them to buy into Someone stole my magic sword . 
I have class tomorrow .
I can t believe it !
I spent twelve hours on the train .
She got sick this weekend .
They re too noisy I can t concentrate .
Don t you think it odd that she was in such a hurry ?
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of .
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night .
The climate here is very similar to that of England .
The room was empty except for a shabby bed .
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening .
I want a massage . I need to relax .
There s a secret path on the left .
He felt sad because he lost his father .
She s asking for the impossible .
He disappeared without a trace .
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees .
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound .
Light is much faster than sound .
He was in open mouthed amazement .
Are you saying my life is in danger ?
My life is hollow without him .
I don t want to miss the exam .
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice .
We made pancakes for breakfast .
We had a fire drill yesterday .
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
My heart was filled with happiness .
He wishes to erase bad memories .
You should ve rejected such an unfair proposal .
I don t have the strength to keep trying .
I m tired of eating fast food .
I m sick and tired of being sick and tired .
I can t wait to go on a vacation .
Each person is a world .
I m going to buy myself a new camera digital this time .
Beauty s in the eye of the beholder .
Who buys this type of art ?
What . . . you still don t know how to drive ?
And with me we are yet one more .
I created a shortcut on the desktop .
I want an MP player !
At this rate we re not likely to be done before the end of the week .
He will make you eat dirt .
He has just published an interesting series of articles .
It can t be !
No way !
It s a dead end .
It s fall now .
It s easy to err once you lose your cool .
This must be changed .
His son is eight years old .
It s a tiny country that most people have never heard of .
That was a valuable experience .
He started learning English at the age of eleven .
She was soaked from head to foot .
He didn t fear death .
He isn t afraid of death .
I ll wait another five minutes .
I studied last night .
Where is the bank ?
Do you eat rice in your country ?
He got into this school in September last year .
Mail this letter .
He must be over sixty .
Please knock before you come in .
Please knock before entering .
My cholesterol is high .
I don t give a damn about my CV .
Is there any sugar ?
I till the earth .
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out .
I want to have a cup of coffee .
I would like to drink a coffee .
After her husband s death she brought up the two children all by herself .
I know from his speech that he is not an American .
We must keep our hands clean .
I don t know his name .
When the big earthquake occurred I was just ten .
It s been a long time since I visited my grandmother .
It s just a dream .
It s only a dream .
He came to Tokyo five years ago that is to say when he was twelve years old .
He doesn t have long to live .
The customer is always right .
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound .
His new record sells well .
There is only a marginal difference between the two .
I m extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply .
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks .
I don t care what people think about the way I dress .
You will soon be convinced I am right .
I love my motherland .
It s raining again !
There you go again .
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor .
What is your favorite TV program ?
I also think living hell is putting it too strongly .
That s the way it is .
That s how it is .
My income is a far cry from his .
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman .
She was within an ace of saying I don t know .
She almost said I don t know .
Sorry I couldn t help it .
Lunch will be ready soon .
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain .
They looked everywhere for him but couldn t find him anywhere .
Canada is to the north of the United States .
Why does he look black ?
Is Mother scolding the horse ?
This job doesn t pay .
This plan is being discussed right now .
The train arrived on time .
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety .
I think it will be hot today .
Please give me a sheet of paper .
Mr . Brown made his son learn Chinese .
Hunger urged him to steal .
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad .
Ronnie James Dio s death made me very sad .
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature .
The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus .
They entertained us at dinner last night .
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident .
I consider him a great writer .
Here are your keys .
Don t worry about others .
You have some books .
You have some books .
English is not easy but it is interesting .
Do you like snow ?
I bought a new computer last month .
Take care .
Don t disturb me while I m studying .
Don t distract me while I am studying .
It rained hard last night .
All of us like you very much .
I am a vegetarian .
I like grape jelly best .
Those grapes look sweet but in fact they re sour .
They are talking with each other .
He had a book in his hand .
I found Tony .
He caught the cord .
My sister did not say Hello . 
God can do anything !
Hurry up .
Will you switch seats with me ?
There s nothing I can do about it .
She killed herself yesterday .
She shut herself up in her room .
In case of fire call .
He gave a nice present to me .
How is your wife ?
She earns dollars per day .
That Ayumi kid only but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five .
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May .
I ve never met such a kind man .
Does Tony study after dinner ?
Do not read while walking .
She is a very good teacher .
A camel is so to speak a ship on the desert .
The bride seems to be very pretty .
I made it myself .
Anybody can make a mistake .
He is a man of understanding .
Nothing in nature is useless .
When did you begin studying English ?
When did you begin studying English ?
When did you begin studying English ?
I need you .
He arrived at the station at seven .
I am too short .
He studies contemporary literature .
We want a new carpet .
I don t like novels without heroes .
I ll come back .
I should clean my room .
She lives in New York .
It takes two to do something strange .
Can you give me your cell number ?
He lives inside an apple .
Learn Uyghur !
In Germany today anti violence rallies took place in several cities including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday .
We all knelt down to pray .
Father bought me a pair of gloves .
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station .
That box is too small to hold all these things .
She painted the walls white .
He can both speak and write Russian .
How about Thai food ?
We are responsible for your protection from now on .
Are you ten years old ?
My father is fifty years old .
Never did I expect to see her in such a place .
He would often read detective stories after supper .
Now that you re a college student you should study harder .
She had plenty of acquaintances but no friends .
I don t think that was a wise decision .
He does not like us .
It s not my fault .
You speak fluent English .
I turned .
You ll get used to living here in no time .
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it ?
This is very good .
The difference in their ages is six years .
Russian girls love Icelanders .
He is reading a book in his room .
Someone told me that every cigarette you smoke takes seven minutes away from your life .
As food and drink is to animals so are rain and sunshine to plants .
His high salary enabled him to live in comfort .
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle .
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes .
The museum had to close due to lack of finances .
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England .
I d like you to translate this book into English .
The weather will change for the worse this afternoon .
The results of the research were quite satisfactory .
My father is only fifteen years old .
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party .
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world .
I d like to have breakfast with you .
The cause of his death still remains a mystery .
I ll recommend him as chairman whether you are in favour of it or not .
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch .
Relax it s just a scarecrow .
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry .
We are used to eating plain food .
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms .
He was alone in the room .
He was surprised to find the great artist s masterpiece hung on the wall upside down .
I did not understand him at all .
I had a horrible dream last night .
I had a bad dream last night .
Sometimes Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB .
So that s how it is !
Yea that s all it is .
Initially we had some problems with our computer system but they ve been sorted out now .
To my surprise there were no people in the village .
We came in through the back door lest someone should see us .
He felt perfectly content .
She doesn t have to go to school on Saturday .
You may not smoke in the elevator .
She has a bottle of milk every morning .
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone .
You have two books .
You guys are totally clueless .
All models are wrong but some are useful .
Let me take you home .
He refuses to accept his old age .
You re no match for him .
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum .
They waved good bye to their parents as the train pulled out .
I felt my heart beating violently .
He has written lots of books about his experience abroad .
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel .
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder .
I have a book .
You are inferior to me .
Our new head office is in Tokyo .
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret .
Is breakfast ready ?
He has been absorbed in the novel all day without eating .
It s very important to get enough rest .
The ceremony will take place tomorrow .
I have only five thousand yen .
Could you bring my breakfast to room ?
We saw her off at the airport .
I don t want to go alone .
But the coffee s not good .
He can speak Russian as well .
His ideas are always practical .
The result confirmed my hypothesis .
I can seldom find time for reading .
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail .
The information is very important to us .
It is necessary for you to go there .
The earth is not a star but a planet .
They were rescued by helicopter .
According to the radio it will snow tomorrow .
He likes geography and history .
Only you answered the question .
It is easy to answer the question .
It is difficult for me to answer the question .
Our teacher said that water boils at C .
She speaks Chinese .
There is no water left in the bottle .
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare .
His face turned pale .
There is close relationship between supply and demand .
But the coffee s not good .
 Why are you going to Japan ? To attend a conference in Tokyo . 
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window .
He left all his property to his wife in his will .
Health is more important than wealth .
How long will it take to get there ?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
I am completely agog over your diaphanous dress .
Your see through dress really excites me .
It is not necessary for you to quit the job .
This school has many students .
Coal is not always black .
If you won a million yen what would you do ?
You should think before you speak .
How much is the commission ?
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon .
We showed him some pictures of London .
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun .
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room .
If it were not for the computer how inconvenient our lives would be !
The crowd poured out of the stadium .
He has an incurable disease .
My father plays golf every Sunday .
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world .
I couldn t sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind .
A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond .
Wouldn t you like to get some fresh air ?
He is very much interested in Japanese history .
This story is by far more interesting than that one .
I don t know anything about him other than his name .
He was covered with mud from head to foot .
By and by he forgot that affair .
Using Esperanto with him I sense that we both are at the same level at least from a linguistic point of view .
I ll take you there .
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves soft and easy to walk on .
China s developing too quickly .
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences .
I can t walk but I can definitely hobble .
There is honor even among thieves .
The community is made up of individuals .
I m saying For the sake of Earth s environment but actually it s For the sake of the people living on Earth . 
This story is based on facts .
I was born on March .
You should eat more fruit .
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do .
It will not be long before we can take a trip to the moon .
The sound of shouting grew faint .
He came out of the room at last .
Generally women live years longer than men .
We took action immediately so that things wouldn t get worse .
There s a hole in my coat .
The teacher told me to stand up .
Water forests and minerals are important natural resources .
Each robot is equipped with a talking machine .
They parted never to see each other again .
Her dress was made of coarse wool .
If you dress like that at your age you ll make a fool of yourself .
She came out of the room .
She left the room and went outside .
Why didn t the half cooked steak say hello to the nearly cooked steak when the two saw each other ? They both weren t ready .
You can put anything into a hodgepodge .
He made a determination to be a doctor .
My driving instructor says I should be more patient .
That runs against my principles .
The demon lord finally lost consciousness and fell to the floor with a thud .
Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard .
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill .
It is easy for babies to get sick .
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy .
My monkey ran away !
If you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its torso it will swing its arms round and go forward doing somersaults .
It s all just a big misunderstanding .
I was just in the shower .
I was just showering .
I was showering a moment ago .
What s the number ?
What s the number for the Tokyo Dome ?
Wang Lao Ji isn t beer . It s tea .
How large is the population of Tokyo ?
They are very popular among boys .
Coming events cast their shadows before them .
Don t read under insufficient light for it is bad for your eyes .
This is the longest novel that I have ever read .
He is badly off because his book doesn t sell well .
Nobody can stop me !
Crap ! I fell for his trap !
Man doesn t eat man .
Welcome to Japan .
What do you think of his suggestion ?
I had the good fortune to be chosen .
I don t even have time for a walk .
He drove his car whistling merrily .
An electric guitar doesn t sound the same as an acoustic one .
Everyone opposed it but they got married all the same .
The fire was extinguished at once .
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder .
Don t you think it s rude to give people such a curt reply like that ?
He gives her everything she asks for .
There are only Uyghurs in Switzerland .
He s very sexy .
He s very sexy .
No one can have three different birth dates .
Is that the railroad station ?
Wash your hands before meals .
I don t like this camera .
Thanks in advance .
One language is never enough .
I usually get up at .
Good evening how are you ?
He s also a salesman .
He s a salesman too .
 Michael is a man s name but Michelle is a woman s name .
We are sure of his success .
He was looking upward to the sky .
She is a selfish person .
It s dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather .
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students .
This is a map .
As far as the eye could see nothing could be seen except cornfields .
Tom and Jane quarreled but they made up the next morning .
Tom hid himself under the table .
The Queen s crown was made of gold .
There used to be a church here .
Measure thrice cut once .
When two armies oppose one another those who can fight should fight those who can t fight should guard those who can t guard should flee those who can t flee should surrender and those who can t surrender should die .
Please fill in your name and address on this form .
We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance .
Both spellings are correct .
This is a very time consuming task .
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax .
You re going to turn a lot of heads with that dress .
He died of a heart attack on the stage .
What are you driving at ?
What are you hinting at ?
What are you driving at ?
What are you hinting at ?
What are you driving at ?
What are you hinting at ?
Sweden has a language of its own .
Sweden has its own language .
No prob .
No problem .
No worries .
Why did you lie ?
We lost our way in the woods .
A tall building was built next to my house .
When I was a child I was spanked if I did something wrong .
I ll have to get my parent s permission to go to the dance with you .
We all breathed a big sigh of relief .
Jim drove his car whistling merrily .
Once I got lost inside a tree .
My house is close to the school .
The two old men while away the time playing cards .
I plan to watch a game at the baseball field the day after tomorrow .
White carpets are very hard to keep clean .
No artificial colours preservatives or flavours .
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness .
This table is fine except in one respect it will not fit into my room .
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number .
I m a good for nothing bum .
Do you have brothers and sisters ?
High calorie foods are bad for my health .
It looks like they re satisfied with the result .
I know what that is .
We waded into the cold water inch by inch .
This is a picture I took last week .
I lay down to rest .
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere .
The door is shut fast .
I will go even if it rains tomorrow .
Our store hours are from to .
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema .
No smoking in the theater .
Smokers are far more likely to develop lung cancer than non smokers are .
 I d look like a real James Bond in that Dima said to himself then entered the store .
Victory and defeat aren t solely decided by the size of your army .
You have four dogs .
You re really something .
That s exactly what it means !
There is a park in the middle of the city .
The accident was due to his careless driving .
I ve tried calling him all day but the line is busy .
He muttered something under his breath .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary the word set has different meanings or senses .
The lake was gleaming in the bright sunshine .
I write everything down I feel uneasy without my notebook .
He could still be alive somewhere .
My cat peers bemusedly at her reflection in the water .
I would kill for a plate of polo right now .
My grandfather goes for a walk every morning .
We captured the thief .
He outweighs me by kg .
You re ten times heavier than I am .
I would prefer to speak to you in private .
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters .
Is there a golf course near here ?
You ve got two books ?
You have two books ?
He was absent from school because of illness .
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes .
I have to buy one tomorrow .
My sister is too young to go to school .
Here is the house where he lived .
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier .
Let s go drink a cup of coffee at that coffee shop over there .
She has large blue eyes .
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon .
Nobody can see this movie without being moved .
Did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice ?
The next morning to our great relief he returned home safe and sound .
Can I borrow your umbrella ?
The wedding will be held in a th century church .
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth .
Quality is more important than quantity .
He s a master of provocation .
Long long ago there lived an old man in a village .
Now I am too old to walk .
The shooting victim is alive but just barely .
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead .
I like music especially classical music .
The population of the country is roughly estimated at .
We sang danced and chatted after dinner .
I am a university student .
I m a college student .
I m a university student .
You can t park here .
I don t mind getting up at six .
Can I drink alcohol ?
He is fond of swimming .
He likes to swim .
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather .
He can speak English and French .
She tried to take down every word the teacher said .
The child believes that the earth is flat .
The train was full of passengers .
You re really too kind .
You re really too kind .
You re really too kind .
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift .
Where are we ?
I don t need anything . . . just a new pair of pants .
No thanks . I am tired .
Are you still alive Sysko ?
Because he was ill he could not go to the party .
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan .
I bought this printer yesterday .
You don t understand . He ll kill you .
A cat abhors a vacuum .
Cats hate vacuum cleaners .
All of a sudden large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky .
I ve just finished lunch .
The novel has been translated into many languages .
Every time I read this book I find something new .
What s done is done .
My mother tongue is Spanish .
My native language is Spanish .
I am fed up with this wet weather .
I had my wallet stolen on the bus .
I had my purse stolen in the bus .
You know so many things about the Chinese language . . . It s just as if you were Chinese yourself .
Who is the current representative from France ?
He tried to give up smoking last year but it was in vain .
She completely cleaned her plate .
One day she met a wolf in the woods .
Before the firemen were able to arrive both buildings burned down .
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west .
Brilliant people have one major drawback they don t know how to lose .
Today my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan .
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking .
I m a deeply religious man and believe in life after death .
I have many friends in foreign countries .
You stay up until two in the morning . You re such a night owl !
 But tell us just what did you kill him for ? For love . 
Learning a foreign language is fun .
You have to study English step by step .
If you want this job you must apply for it by tomorrow .
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines .
This song was popular in the s .
She had something to talk over with him .
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake .
I still haven t found what I m looking for .
She started dancing when she was eight .
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time .
This question counts for points .
Will you go in place of me ?
Air is a mixture of various gases .
What is the title of the book ?
There s no other way than this now .
It s eight o clock in the morning .
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants .
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn .
Blood is thicker than water .
Possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath .
He went on talking as though nothing had happened .
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming .
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories .
This shot will help numb the pain .
Would you please turn down the TV ?
A candle without a wick is no candle at all .
I m back .
I have returned .
I ve returned .
What time will you get back ? I ll treat you to a meal .
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one .
She gave the boy what few coins she had in her purse .
She got up late .
For example it is a .m . in London now .
The map on page looks very strange . Turn it upside down . Then it becomes a familiar map to you .
This painting is worth a great deal of money .
 Would you like to buy a suit ? the shopkeeper asked Dima who brought the smells of the previous night with him as he walked through the door .
Snow completely covered the town .
Is it sweet or sour ?
Science has brought about many changes to our lives .
The voyage from England to India used to take months .
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner .
We believed him to be innocent .
I will answer within three days .
I bought this hat for yen .
They named the spaceship A .
My heart stopped beating .
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand .
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today .
Abraham Lincoln the th president of the United States was born in a log cabin in Kentucky .
My apartment is located within five minutes walk of the station .
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night .
Don t kill too many birds and animals on earth .
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze .
He had a big box in his arms .
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo .
I have had it .
She has great respect for her teacher .
What matters is whether you do your best or not .
The twelve stars on the flag of the European Union do not symbolize the twelve founding members of the union . They symbolize the Twelve Apostles .
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train .
He has a strong influence over the business world .
I ve not read today s paper yet .
Is there any special news in today s paper ?
How long does it take to walk to the station ?
You have a little fever today don t you ?
You have a little fever today don t you ?
It would be better for you to stay in bed today .
It will be best if you stay at home to rest today .
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor .
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house .
Time which strengthens friendship weakens love .
Sorry . It s all my fault .
He saved the baby at the cost of his life .
Generally speaking men are stronger than women .
If you start at once you ll arrive by six o clock .
That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard .
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday .
The principal presented each of the graduates with diploma .
The workers complained when their working hours were extended .
Harvard University was founded in .
If you want security in your old age begin saving now .
The girl released the birds from the cage .
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non smokers .
Young people are usually full of energy .
She is married to an English teacher so she can take lessons free of charge .
Please fill in this application form .
Is there any salt left ?
Each time he escaped he returned to this region .
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public .
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty .
The gap between them has narrowed .
I ask you he s been cheating me !
The crowd obstructed the police in the discharge of their duties .
I would like to talk with you again .
My brother is really tall about . m .
I have seen him many times .
The baby can t walk much less run .
We tried all means possible .
The storm prevented her from arriving on time .
She didn t know what to say to him .
I have been walking for over four hours .
He was standing there with a vacant look .
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong .
I ve got to catch some Z s .
Can you tell me how to fill in this form ?
I must have left it on the bus .
I returned to Japan .
Hold the ball in both hands .
Of all the silly ideas !
We Japanese live on rice .
I will pay the money to you .
Bill was adamant that she should obey him .
I have lost the case after all .
My father will recover soon .
John turned his back on the company and started on his own .
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza .
He is my neighbor but I don t know him well .
Even though he is my neighbour I did not know him well .
Is there a bank near the station ?
Is there a bank near the station ?
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son .
You shouldn t read a book in a room this dim .
The accident happened two hours ago .
At the beginning I was bored with radio gymnastics but now I do not dislike it .
It is more blessed to give than to receive .
Deeds are better than words .
His death was great shock to his wife .
You expect too much of your child .
His courage will carry him through this difficult job .
Please inform me when to start .
She scorned the boy .
I am married and have two children .
If you work day and night you will lose your health .
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life .
His words and deeds do not match .
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks .
He was happy to have passed the examination .
He went to London to study English .
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival .
I heard someone scream .
I do not like to make mistakes .
His story amused everyone .
You are only young once .
The bird was half the size of a hawk .
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English .
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport ?
It had the head of a woman the body of a lion the wings of a bird and the tail of a serpent .
I m disturbing you .
He s picky about suits and ties .
She decided to study abroad .
She set the bird free from the cage .
 God is our salvation said the priest .
Give your whole attention to what you are doing .
Will you please help me carry this suitcase ?
I ordered some new books from America .
Their friendship ripened into a deep love .
All the workers went home save one .
She bent down and picked up the coin .
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book .
I was ashamed of my behavior .
I don t feel like studying .
Maybe you are working too hard .
Don t disturb me while I m studying .
Don t distract me while I am studying .
While traveling in Europe I was pickpocketed on a train .
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head .
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home .
He helps whoever asks him to help .
The President is to speak on television this evening .
You have only to answer the first question .
The weather has a great deal to do with our health .
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now ?
I study English an hour every day .
My hobby is collecting coins .
He wasn t earning a large salary when he retired .
He is leading an easy life in the country .
I m accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning .
We made friends with Jane .
It seems to have that he knows everything .
He looked at me in surprise .
He will come to you tomorrow .
I often feel like just going over there .
What is the difference between this and that ?
It s almost six o clock .
Do you often travel abroad ?
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow ?
She teaches us French .
He tried to concentrate on the letter .
He is giving his whole attention to that .
You don t have a fever .
Don t pay any attention to what your father says .
The world is full of incompetent doctors .
Concerning this issue I feel that the trash media only report biased information .
A growing child who doesn t seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention .
You have cute eyes .
Yes it s such a nice evening .
The sky was clear when I left home .
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market .
You re so beautiful !
He was laughed at in public .
Whose idea was it ?
He is mad about music .
Would you please wait for a few minutes ?
You re still green .
The baby was sound asleep in her mother s arms .
I wanted to go to the concert .
I have lived here since I was a boy .
Not knowing what to do I asked the teacher for advice .
This river is safe to swim in .
She usually goes to bed at nine .
She was in a hurry to see her father .
He had hoped to succeed but he didn t .
The earth is made up of sea and land .
London is among the largest cities in the world .
I was born in .
Nobody is perfect .
I ve never eaten Chinese food before .
Everyone dies .
Germany adjoins the Netherlands .
She speaks German and French not to mention English .
He got accustomed to the new way of living .
She always clears the table after a meal .
This is the biggest car in the world .
She thought of a good solution .
It ll cost at least five dollars .
You look pale . You had better lie down in bed at once .
They are trying to keep costs down .
If he knew her phone number he could call her .
They opposed Darwin s theory of evolution .
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman .
Generally speaking Americans are very fond of coffee .
We had a snowball fight .
The building on the hill is our school .
The Murais have gone back to Japan ?
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C .
Oranges are rich in vitamin C .
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged .
This box is made of paper .
Given good weather we will reach there tomorrow .
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics ?
He is older than you by eight years .
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle .
Do you know that nice looking girl ?
Crying out the little girl was looking for her mother .
In China the th of November is Singles Day .
Japan and South Korea are neighbors .
We want complete sentences .
Don t change sentences that are correct . You can instead submit natural sounding alternative translations .
Don t add sentences from copyrighted sources .
We want natural sounding translations not word for word direct translations .
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating . Don t let translations into other languages influence you .
Don t add annotations .
It s difficult to learn a foreign language .
It s hard to learn a foreign language .
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge .
As far as I know he s a diligent student .
You can t speak French can you ?
She woke up .
She is a taxi driver .
I don t see anything .
I can t see anything .
Arabic is a very important language .
I have a friend who lives in England .
There is too much furniture in the house .
Wood burns easily .
I read a book as I walked .
Water and oil are both liquids .
She has anxiety for your safety .
We believe in democracy .
Do you often travel abroad ?
She woke up .
My radio has broken down again .
I don t like to swim in pools .
I m sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time .
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business .
Mr Kato is a teacher .
He was is and will be my best friend .
The wind blew her hat off .
He keeps two cats one is black and the other white .
We had dinner at a restaurant .
She lifted up her head and looked at him .
Can you explain how this machine works ?
Draw a line on your paper .
They were made of rough brown leather .
I want a compact car with an air conditioner .
My eyes are sore .
I wrote a letter in English .
It was not until he was thirty that he started to paint .
He has recently returned from France .
In short it is because the plan .doc file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus .
On his left sat his mother .
We have a lot of problems to deal with .
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days .
Do you think he did the job on his own ?
This is secret between you and me .
I have been to Rome .
Are you free on Tuesday ?
I want to study math .
I had sore legs the next day .
His parents ran a hotel .
I went to the station to see my friend off .
He was wounded in the war .
The lock is broken .
We are glad to have you in our class .
How far is it from here to Ueno ?
This morning I got up an hour earlier than usual .
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up .
All the eggs in the box were broken .
The girl had a long scarf around her neck .
Hitler assumed power in .
Can I have a dance with you ?
If it were not for water no one could live on earth .
He has little experience in teaching .
The pond was encircled with trees .
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden .
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds ?
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly .
My older brother finished his homework very quickly .
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month .
There used to be big trees around the pond .
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident .
I don t know whether to accept or refuse .
The dance had already started when I got there .
The policeman caught the thief .
She is beautiful intelligent and what is best of all very kind hearted .
He has been engaged in the study of biology for nearly ten years .
The United States is composed of states .
His son cannot so much as write his own name .
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer .
I met a friend there .
I don t have a bicycle let alone a car .
They had no alternative but to retreat .
He speaks only English and German neither of which I understand .
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church .
Where is the emergency exit ?
My hobby is playing the guitar .
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling .
She practises the piano every day .
A dog s sense of smell is much keener than a human s .
It saddens me to hear you say that .
They take their meals at the hotel .
My acquaintance with his works is slight .
What is the unemployment rate at the moment ?
I suggested that we should stay there another day .
The plane flew above the clouds .
My father bought this hat for me .
I may have seen that film before but I can hardly remember it .
I have to do a lot of things .
Even though he was tired he went on with his work .
Gold is similar in color to brass .
I met your mother through Facebook . So if Facebook didn t exist neither would you my little angel .
She wore a white dress .
The square of is .
I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station .
You should stay in the hospital for treatment .
Smoking affects our health .
I gave the beggar what money I had .
Mental health is as important as physical health .
It was not until then that I realized my mistake .
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house .
I was only a seven year old girl at that time .
The heroine of this story is a little girl .
My big sister washes her hair every morning .
She had white shoes on .
He often comes late to school .
I like stories that have sad endings .
She finished writing a letter .
I arrived here about five o clock .
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected .
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk .
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry .
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home .
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room .
We came through a busy street .
When are you going to leave for London ?
The committee is composed of three men and seven women .
The more difficult the questions are the less likely I ll be able to answer them .
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate .
The policeman lifted the box carefully .
She had been proposed to five times by the time she was twenty .
That event happened years ago .
Father translated the French document into Japanese .
Rabbits like to eat carrots .
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time .
The atomic number of iron is .
She was born at six a .m . on July .
Light travels around the earth seven and a half times a second .
This coat is nice but too expensive .
The weather was very bad yesterday .
The weather yesterday was horrible .
The moon and stars were shining above us .
I went to the park yesterday .
 May I use this pencil ? Yes you may . 
 May I use your pencil ? Yes you may . 
There are more girls than boys in our school .
I remember the man s face but I can t call his name to mind .
I like to study foreign languages .
The question was too difficult to answer .
It s difficult to answer this question .
The surface of the earth is water .
How do you spell pretty ?
I bought a red tie .
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person .
He is still not accustomed to city life .
This castle is more beautiful than that .
He put on his hat at once .
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston .
They don t know that I m Japanese .
The dishes were not so delicious but otherwise the party was a success .
I tried writing with my left hand .
The plane flew at an altitude of meters .
He drank three glasses of water .
I like to walk in the rain .
Do you speak Italian ?
The Mississippi is the longest river in the United States .
I ve done half the work and now I can take a break .
No one succeeds in the world without effort .
Our school was founded in .
I usually have dinner at seven .
This hospital has a lot of new equipment .
I m going to join the school orchestra .
Please circle the right answer .
Frank left a message by means of a secret code .
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you .
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday .
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out .
Translation is by no means easy .
Please give me a piece of bread .
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart funny and beautiful girl like you .
Maybe I shouldn t tell you this but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty .
I couldn t take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room .
My mother is busy cooking supper .
She picked me an apple .
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn t even standing room .
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside but she isn t a good swimmer .
You don t have to come here every day .
He wants to come along with us to the movie .
I ll accompany you to the airport .
You must do it even if you don t want to .
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter .
All of a sudden she began to laugh .
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not .
The weak point of this book is that it s less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married .
He speaks Japanese well .
Copy and paste is very useful .
Many Americans are obese .
Does she know you ?
When did you learn to swim ?
Ten twenty thirty forty fifty sixty seventy eighty ninety hundred .
Ten twenty thirty forty fifty sixty seventy eighty ninety one hundred .
He didn t believe Ben s words .
Where is the closest metro stop ?
What s my book doing here ?
Who do you think came to see me yesterday ?
Can t you reach the book on the shelf ?
He went over to the other side .
Spring is here . It is getting warmer every day .
The population of the world will double before long .
She has very good manners .
With respect to financial matters Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company .
To my horror the man took a gun out of his pocket .
I m glad you could come .
It took me hours to finish the essay .
He is nothing more than a politician .
Teachers should treat all their students impartially .
If you sleep for a while you will feel much better .
There is a shortage of good building wood .
How many letters are there in the alphabet ?
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate .
A new road is under construction .
Some people think of reading as a waste of time .
I m not going to go to the party .
You don t need to answer that letter .
She has decided to live in America for good .
If anybody is still absent please send their names to me .
Watanabe is my family name .
Study !
The pot calls the kettle black .
He has left already .
He has left already .
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer .
I do not think that she is at home .
It doesn t matter which just pick three books .
Do you go to school by bus ?
He requested me to keep it secret .
Do you speak Arabic ?
Come sing with me .
I wash myself .
Prospectuses must be signed by two sponsor representatives .
You should understand this is serious .
He is a thief .
I m actually relatively good at written language but with spoken language I often can t remember the tone on some word .
Learn Uyghur !
I ve never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book . The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well .
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about days .
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs .
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework .
The airplane landed at Narita Airport .
He is not a poet but a novelist .
If one day you leave I will be very sad .
I think fondly of my childhood .
The girl in the picture is smiling .
I promise to return this videotape within a week .
I would like to have a word with you .
How far is it to the library from here ?
Let me go you re choking me .
Nobody can solve this problem .
I regret telling you .
I regret having told you .
If it had not been for his help I would have failed .
She left for America the day before yesterday .
I saw John at the library .
If only I can go to the concert !
She likes her school a lot .
I like apples .
I love apples .
New York is the biggest city in the world .
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London .
We have a single for dollars per night .
The table was groaning with food .
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture .
Who s going with me ?
I am taller than he .
I am Teochew .
I don t like a fat diet .
Unfortunately I will not have much free time .
I could answer his question .
I still have to buy your book .
They regarded him as the best doctor in town .
At first many things seemed different but I soon got involved in my new life .
Don t read that kind of book .
It was near the river that I lost my way .
He walked away .
She allowed him to go alone .
How long did you stay abroad ?
Your sister cannot swim well can she ?
Money is the last thing he wants .
I didn t know that dogs swim well .
You should use words to make sentences rather than try to learn them with rote memorisation .
His dog follows him wherever he goes .
She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up .
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese Chinese Shanghainese Georgian and Uzbek .
Welcome to Tatoeba !
 Tatoeba means for example in Japanese .
She is very intelligent .
The airport is over there .
The heater is broken .
It was terribly cold yesterday .
An island came in sight .
I have several good friends .
I think your new hair color looks good .
He s very fair minded .
You are very fortunate that you have such friends .
I don t know whether he will come or not .
How many pupils are there in your school ?
If you run into Mr . Long don t forget to ask him about how his wife is doing .
If you run into Mr . Lang don t forget to ask him how his wife is doing .
Everybody in the picture is smiling .
He offered his seat to an old woman .
I have some acquaintance with chemistry .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
My father does not like the heat of summer .
My mother bought me a new dress .
Birds were singing in the woods .
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature .
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand .
All at once we heard a shot outside .
This beer tastes bitter .
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry .
You have to go there whether you like it or not .
It s already seven .
She was told to accompany me .
Have you ever been to Africa ?
I carelessly dropped a vase .
The novel takes its title from the Bible .
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore .
This horror movie is really scary . I couldn t sleep after I watched it .
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing .
You see ? You must study a foreign language .
You are too son !
My name is Jack .
My name s Jack .
I usually do the dishes .
I still remember his name .
The plane will take off in one hour .
I bet he doesn t make it .
He showed me his album .
This dress fits me very well .
He cut the meat with a knife .
Do you come here every day ?
She writes with her left hand .
I m glad you liked it .
I m sorry my mother s not at home .
I asked him not to play the piano late at night .
Muiriel is an Indian .
Muiriel is an Indian .
Read it once more .
What are you doing ?
What are you doing right now ?
Why is he angry ?
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible .
He weighs pounds .
After business came to a halt many bathhouses added new facilities such as saunas and exercise equipment in an effort to attract customers .
Which is mine ?
Bill often doesn t keep his promises .
The teacher gave us a lot of homework .
Mathematics is his strongest subject .
I once worked in a restaurant .
She repeated her name slowly .
I love her all the more for her faults .
He moved the desk to the right .
Please tell him to wait .
She is two years younger than I .
When do you plan to leave for Japan ?
Being sick in bed my father can t see you .
You are to observe traffic rules .
My father took me to a movie last night .
Monkeys kill people too but only if they have guns .
We usually have breakfast at .
On New Year s Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship .
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow .
You have only to practice every day .
I d like a fish .
His father died last year .
We ate Peking duck in the Chinese restaurant .
We call that color midnight blue .
One hundred two hundred three hundred four hundred five hundred six hundred seven hundred eight hundred nine hundred one thousand .
Today is Saturday .
This book contains forty photographs .
I m anemic .
No one could tell where she was .
He resembles his father very much .
Fighting won t settle anything .
Thank you for your assistance .
Tom worked the clay into a vase .
All of a sudden the sky became overcast .
I think I ll lie down for a while .
The more chocolate you eat the fatter you ll get .
I will speak to you tomorrow .
He will walk in the park this afternoon .
He begged me to stay .
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter .
Write it down here please .
We agree .
May I try on this dress ?
He saw a UFO flying last night .
He is playing golf .
The perfume of roses filled the room .
Not knowing what answer to make I kept silent .
Sit down please .
Please take a seat .
I m the only one who knows them .
I ll be back within two hours .
I ll be back within a couple of hours .
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage .
There was a large harvest of peaches last year .
Don t you know cheese is made from milk ?
You are not to speak to him while he is studying .
America is ahead in space technology .
She is said to have been a model .
Is it true that your family will travel in Hokkaido ? I envy you .
I am fond of the cinema .
I like movies .
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons .
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow .
I don t know if it will rain tomorrow .
How old are you ?
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass .
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast .
They knocked the box to pieces .
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world .
She is a fluent speaker of English .
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry .
Our country grows stronger day by day .
We provided food and clothes for them .
Don t say that .
He studies American history .
May I have a look at your ticket ?
I played tennis .
He explained the plan s main objective .
Helen always keeps her room clean .
A dog does not eat a dog .
I don t eat supper because I want to lose some weight .
I went to the hospital to see my wife .
I ve put on weight recently .
Yes . She used to be a very shy girl .
How did you get acquainted with her ?
We were completely victorious .
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter .
I want to play on the computer .
I m originally from China .
The fire fighters put out the fire .
I watched the baseball game last night .
We ve just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road .
The basket was full of apples .
He keeps a diary in English .
French is taught by Mr White not by Miss Green .
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours saffron white and green .
He drew a straight line on the wall .
Is he sleeping ?
She is curious to find who sent the flowers .
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest .
He can run faster than I .
He runs faster than I .
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love .
Going to church doesn t make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car .
I don t know where he went .
You may have read this book already .
A blind person s hearing is often very acute .
Who am I ? How did I come to be ?
No matter which musical instrument you want to learn to play the most important thing is not to make any mistakes from the beginning on because mistakes are always imprinted on your mind more easily than everything you do right .
He said to me Please do me a favor .
I heard my name called by someone on the street .
He was injured in a traffic accident .
Do you know who invented the microscope ?
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules .
Love is like the measles we all have to go through it .
I know the name of this animal .
Add a little more milk to my tea please .
I saw the children walk across the street .
He didn t see anybody .
I d like to stay one more night . Is that possible ?
I have looked everywhere but I can not find my wallet .
Children want to act like grown ups .
We have no sugar .
We don t have any sugar .
I mostly have fruit for breakfast .
I believe in him .
German is not an easy language .
I went to bed at ten yesterday .
What is his name ?
America abounds in oil .
Do it your own way if you don t like my way .
There was a beautiful woman with black hair in the park .
You think you re awake but you may in fact be dreaming .
What did you do on your vacation ?
He brought his dog to school .
These animals feed on grass .
I d better go to bed now .
They missed the train .
May I take a shower in the morning ?
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy .
Your plan is a good one but mine is a better one .
Your plans are very good but mine are better than yours .
Your plan is very good but mine is better .
There is little if any hope of his being alive .
Do you have a match ?
He is really a perfect idiot .
He has a long nose .
Can all birds fly ?
My bag was stolen .
He said that he had told you to speak more slowly .
English is not my native language .
English is not my first language .
English is not my mother tongue .
English isn t my first language .
I have several silver coins .
Some of the apples in the box were rotten .
I shave every morning .
I have two children .
I ve decided that we won t go .
What do you want to drink ?
Every time I listen to this song I cry .
He is the last person to speak ill of others .
My eyes are tired .
I m starved .
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench .
Why were you late this morning ?
Bears can climb trees .
A swallow flies very swiftly .
How many colors are there ?
Where are you guys from ?
A sponge absorbs water .
I have a bath every day .
I take a bath every day .
I bathe once a day .
A great number of citizens went into the army .
Please call me up between seven and eight .
Father keeps a diary every day .
She applied her mind to her new job .
His speech lasted three hours .
We want to know the facts .
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine .
I lost my way in the woods .
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox .
We will have a math quiz tomorrow .
There is no doubt as to her innocence .
A man chooses a slave obeys .
After the storm the road was blocked with fallen trees .
There s not a cloud in the sky .
He has made the same mistake twice .
I m breast feeding my baby .
I ran across an old friend near the bank .
We are against working on Sundays .
Did you leave a tip ?
Don t confuse Austria with Australia .
I have an older brother .
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday .
I have the same dictionary as your brother has .
I agree with you .
My bag was stolen .
He wants to be a policeman in the future .
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse ?
The train leaves at one thirty this afternoon .
The fire station is next to the police station .
I didn t understand in the least what he said .
She turned down my request .
There are six sentences in Mongolian in Tatoeba as of now .
He ll never show it but I think that deep down he s seriously worried .
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality .
I don t need it .
It snowed more this year than last .
My country is far away from Japan .
Being ill I stayed at home all day long .
If I had money I d buy this computer .
If he keeps drinking like that he ll have to take a taxi home .
How dare he complain ?
Everybody likes him .
Everybody loves him .
Everyone loves him .
I think that she s honest .
He regrets having wasted his time .
The friend was absent .
Have you eaten ?
Is this true ?
What are you doing right now ?
Oh my god it s delicious !
How many Christmas cards did you write last year ?
Everybody is busy except me .
Though it was very cold I went out .
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country .
It rained all day yesterday .
She can speak French fluently .
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison .
A dead leaf fell to the ground .
I m going to buy a camera for my daughter .
I wrote three letters last night .
I ran into an old friend .
He kept silent during the meeting .
Many countries have abolished capital punishment .
He is not an American but a Frenchman .
Japanese high school students go to school weeks a year .
She could sing well when she was a child .
They re unlikely to get married .
In the long run we can save a lot of money by buying this machine .
My son wants to become a professional golf player .
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together .
He came back from China .
He returned from China .
He returned from China .
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come .
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday .
She used to be a teacher .
Come what may I will never leave you .
There was an earthquake yesterday .
Japanese women get married at on average .
Betty came last .
Let s go out to eat .
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla .
Merry Christmas !
I m sorry I love you .
Many students bought the book .
Many students bought the book .
I am still keeping up my tennis craze .
I am still keeping up my tennis craze .
The mountains were all around the city .
The mountains were all around the city .
His regime is bound to collapse .
Hurry up or you ll be late .
Hurry up or you ll be late .
Was there enough money ?
Was there enough money ?
He cast off the problem from his mind .
He cast off the problem from his mind .
Bite the bullet .
Bite the bullet .
I ve never been there before .
I ve never been there before .
I d like breakfast in my room at sharp .
I d like breakfast in my room at sharp .
Farmers are busy working in the field .
This is how he killed the big bear .
The United States of America is a democratic country .
The United States of America is a democratic country .
Tell me how you got over such troubles ?
There are several peoples in the country .
You were just listening to the talk without thinking .
She is in the habit of keeping late hours .
I do want to go to Italy .
There is a metro in Kazan .
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes .
However much advice we give him he still does exactly what he wants .
I want to go to America .
I would like to go to America .
He can read .
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars .
He heard someone calling for help .
Please follow the nurse s directions .
What happened to them is still a mystery .
We often went skiing in winter .
For how long will I continue to have these symptoms ?
The party was on the whole successful .
I don t give a fuck about what you say !
Her days are numbered .
The loss amounts to a million dollars .
That hotel was established about years ago .
You might be late for school .
It is to your advantage to join us .
I see little of my father these days .
I have a question .
It seems like he knows the secret .
I want to see this movie .
I want to watch this film .
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl .
I wrote five letters before I went to bed .
Long hair is out of fashion .
We walked for a long time .
I teach Spanish .
I am learning two foreign languages .
Words fail me .
She needs help .
She is in need of help .
Sorry to trouble you .
Sorry to trouble you .
This song reminds me of my childhood .
I have many books .
I have a lot of books .
I love my father .
Out of all four seasons I like spring the best .
Let s go Dutch today .
You re always making mistakes .
Nobody understands me .
The young man lives in an old house .
Don t let him touch it .
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child .
Whose room is this ?
These books are new .
I m poor .
In fact she lied .
I really like these stories .
The more contributors there are the more useful Tatoeba will become !
Her hair is very short .
He wants to come with us .
I have no money .
I don t have money .
Do you have time the day after tomorrow ?
I ll drive you home .
As is often the case with him he went to the office without shaving .
The first phase of construction has been completed .
The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be .
I lost the watch Father had given me .
What a beautiful picture !
I ll leave this with you .
His concert was very good .
I would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one .
School begins tomorrow .
He s got a headache .
We will be living in England .
He is the older of the two .
I bought two dozen pencils .
I went to elementary school in Nagoya .
You gave a bad example .
Is this bread s best by OK ?
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold .
The earth revolves on its axis once every hours .
I have to go to the airport to meet my family .
My credit card was stolen on the subway .
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on .
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday .
For Valentine s day I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart s name .
Italy is a peninsula .
He notified the police of the traffic accident .
It won t be easy to find someone capable of taking his place .
This word doesn t exist in French .
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored .
We need to band together to beat the enemy .
I remember what he said .
Are you related to the Nagashima family ?
Are you related to the Nagashima family ?
This city is called the Japanese Denmark .
My mother often slaps passers by .
Well prepared means no worries .
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box .
He was holding a large box in his arms .
My father neither smokes nor drinks .
Even if it is true it matters little .
I have just finished eating lunch .
How about you ?
And you ?
What about you ?
I don t have a ticket .
I found this book interesting from beginning to end .
Neither team played well in the game .
I couldn t understand his joke .
Ten people were injured in the accident .
With all the talent he has he never makes any effort .
Dinner is probably ready so we had better hurry home .
Could you turn the volume down ?
In severe weather it s best to stay indoors .
He ordered a beer .
No wonder we associate bats with dark places .
When were you born ?
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world .
He is cleverer than I .
Both his father and mother are dead .
Fabien has a lot of good ideas .
Ask her when she will come back .
Her father won t come he is really busy .
Can I have a cup of tea ?
The computer is broken .
This is a dog .
That depends on whether you are interested or not .
Although he was born in England he speaks English very badly .
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air .
What is the use of reading magazines ?
The politician didn t appear in public after the incident .
I have a dictionary .
This event suddenly happened on its own .
He is Li Ying .
He can speak Japanese .
He s able to speak Japanese .
In a democracy it is important for journalism to be independent .
She loves to fish .
Do not fold !
Thank you for your help .
Thanks for your gift .
Thanks for your answer .
You re the best .
You re welcome .
You should wash your hands before you eat .
January is the first month of the year .
He is often late for school .
I don t put sugar in my coffee .
I don t sugar my coffee .
I was called into the office first my name being at the head of the list .
The thermometer went down below zero .
He found my bicycle .
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over .
Who owns this villa ?
You need to be more careful .
I paid him the money last week .
Do you want something to drink ?
You can pick up a lot of words by reading .
I have little interest in history .
Language is one of man s most important inventions .
We hadn t so much as heard of her name .
Argh ! My computer froze up again .
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space .
I like sashimi .
Do not fear the heavens and the earth but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue .
Our sister bought some eggplants potatoes zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market .
Shit ! You scared me half to death !
Religion is the opiate of the masses .
A man s will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens .
Nothing ventured nothing gained .
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger s den .
I studied for one hour .
My son took a candy from the box .
Tom bought a brand new car .
He is wearing glasses .
Does someone here speak Japanese ?
Where is your room ?
Which do you prefer apples or bananas ?
Which do you like better apples or bananas ?
I see him in the library now and then .
He will come this afternoon .
Call a taxicab to take us .
Shit ! You scared me half to death !
I will be back in two weeks time .
She is hard on them .
I have no friend to talk with .
We are men .
How much is the most expensive car ?
I ll lend it to you .
I bought him a tie .
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare .
He caught a cold .
Don t bother .
Fine thanks .
I m on my way .
Let me see .
It s all my fault .
I take a bath every night .
He is near forty .
It takes time .
Your car is fast but mine is faster .
She would often play tricks on me .
He bought a new pair of shoes .
Our teacher told us what to read .
Don t make a noise .
The bridge was built by the Romans .
In the United States cars drive on the right hand side of the road .
In the United States cars drive on the right side of the road .
His elder sister is older than my eldest brother .
I like mathematics .
 I m Japanese the boy answered .
You are nothing but a student .
The cat had a ribbon around its neck .
Jane is fat and rude and smokes too much . However Ken thinks she s lovely and charming . That s why they say love is blind .
He did not come back until nine o clock .
He plays the piano better than I do .
There is no telling what will happen in the future .
Whoever said so it is false .
When she heard the news she sighed disappointedly .
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer .
Of us all Tom was by far the best swimmer .
You must have a driver s license before you can drive a car .
This hotel is far from deserving the four stars the guidebook gives it .
I d like to be a millionaire .
I hope that I ll see her .
He speaks English very well .
This is my father .
I have lost the key .
I got hurt in the shoulder .
I keep a dog .
I traded in my old car for a new one .
I am afraid of dogs .
I m afraid of dogs .
I m proud of my brother .
I go to the movies once a month .
I go to the same school as Kenji .
You have many books .
This knife is very sharp .
I don t have a computer at home .
Do you have a car ?
Have you got a car ?
I like my coffee without sugar .
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland .
We want to analyze your urine .
I know that she is Spanish .
Is this really worth it ?
I call him Mike .
There s no salt .
Count to thirty .
He lives far away from my house .
May I eat this ?
The telephone is ringing .
How should I know ?
The cow cast her calf .
The cow miscarried .
The cow lost its calf .
The cow cast a calf .
It is not a watch .
It s not a watch .
Open the door please .
Please open the door .
Thank you sir .
You ll get used to it .
The beer is stale .
I ll be right with you .
Give her the book .
He sings treble .
Maybe some other time .
Maybe next time .
I ve never flown in an airplane .
The lion is king of beasts .
Who was radium discovered by ?
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation .
We plunged into the river .
He is in conference .
Haven t seen you for ages .
Say that again please .
Everything will be OK .
He likes to throw the bull .
She draws on her socks .
She put on socks .
Every time I see you I think of your mother .
Which station are you going to ?
I have many discs .
My pen is new .
My fountain pen is new .
He doesn t like to eat fish .
By the way have you ever been to Hokkaido ?
It is time to shut the gate .
Is your mother at home now ?
He came into my room .
It was in London that I last saw her .
I play the violin .
I don t know how to spell the word .
I don t feel like going out right now .
It s all Greek to me .
It is all Greek to me .
That was all Chinese to me .
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg .
Suits me fine .
Yes of course .
Yes certainly .
He is at her side .
He s at her side .
Please show me the menu .
He s just gone on leave .
My phone was out of order .
You ll be missed by your friends .
He closed his eyes .
He was very tired .
His story can t be false .
I asked him if I could read his book .
Did you meet her ?
Don t be afraid of making mistakes .
Don t be scared of making mistakes .
Six divided by two is three .
I was just about to come looking for you .
I really have to be going .
He jumped onto the table .
A new difficulty has arisen .
Last night there was a full moon .
His hat isn t on straight .
He studies Chinese as well .
Better luck next time .
He is my senior by two years .
He s my senior by two years .
He s two years older than me .
That suits me all right .
It s much more convenient .
I shave every morning .
I don t think you ought to .
We started at six .
The crops need rain .
It really comes in handy .
I know the feeling .
My watch is five minutes slow .
You will have to wait and see .
You ll have to wait and see .
The child will be six .
I ve worn holes in my socks .
You ve put your hat on backwards .
I have no idea of what to do .
He is a tall boy .
He s a tall boy .
Show me where it hurts you .
I tried to tell you .
He is said to be rich .
That just goes to prove that you are a liar .
You need to have breakfast .
He often appears on TV .
I want a car but I have no money to buy one .
Every man desires to live long but no man wishes to be old .
I am on duty now .
You have helped me so much I d like to express my sincere gratitude .
His first work gained great popularity among people .
His words set everybody roaring with laughter .
Isn t he Italian ?
He often appears on TV .
This is what I bought in Spain .
Did you see a doctor ?
Where is the museum ?
I like coffee very much .
How long can you hold your breath ?
It s a pity that you can t come .
I must leave early tomorrow .
I just got your letter yesterday .
I just received your message yesterday .
Knowing that you re doing fine over there I m really pleased for you .
I haven t heard from you for a long time .
I haven t received any messages from you in a long time .
I m just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment .
Sorry I haven t replied to your letter earlier .
I ve been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently .
Please give my regards to your family .
Can you make yourself understood in English ?
That house is mine .
I want to go to see a movie .
I want to go to see a film .
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament .
Some months have thirty days others thirty one .
She did not so much as look at me .
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived .
To the best of my knowledge the lake is the deepest here .
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life .
My house is only five minutes walk from the station .
This is the best book I have ever read .
In the era of email I m so happy when a friend sends me a real letter .
The turbulent sands above our heads the flinging of our swords . . . they re naught but falling stars in the night sky .
Supposing you had one million yen what would you do with it ?
Canada is a good place to go if it s your first experience living abroad .
Both of these are Song Dynasty block printed editions .
I m Italian .
I am Italian .
Lots of companies have implemented an eight hour working day .
A student wants to see you .
He doesn t like fish .
I advised him to keep the secret .
Are you not tired ?
Do you travel a lot ?
Her husband is usually drunk .
She is dead .
I ve been waiting for you for hours .
The elephant was killed by the hunter .
No one knows where he lives .
I pigged out on pizza .
Who made this cake ?
The style of this item of clothing is good it s just a bit expensive .
The design of these clothes is indeed rather nice but they are a little expensive .
I d certainly like to go and watch the match it s just that I m not sure if I have time .
I do really want to watch this match but I m not sure if I have the time .
It s still not certain who s going to win this match .
I haven t seen Xiaowang for a month now perhaps he s already gone back to his own country .
What time will you go home today ?
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers .
Today I haven t dealt with the things I wanted to deal with I ll have to work overtime again .
The population of China has already exceeded . billion .
This year the speed of development in our company far exceeds that of last year .
With the T .V . on how can you keep your mind on your studies ?
These days many young people work without much focus my friend s son hadn t gone two years after graduating before he d changed jobs five times .
In other aspects the results of Laowang s health examination were all quite normal it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high .
This year s weather isn t very typical .
This year s weather is rather unusual .
Our company s technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the s .
No matter how hard I strive I fail to achieve my parents requirements .
No matter how hard I try I can t meet my parents expectations .
Chinese is too easy to learn .
I can already write in Chinese .
I come from China .
I am from China .
For this race people under the age of including join the young people s group people from to years old join the middle aged group and people or over join the elderly group .
In China children shorter than . m don t need to buy a ticket to travel by train .
Whilst at university Xiaowang held the post of class monitor .
From graduation to retirement Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission .
Ever since his graduation from university until his retirement Lao Wang had continually worked as a teacher .
During the probation period of my friend s new job each month s salary is RMB once the probation period has been fulfilled each month s salary is RMB .
I have a new bicycle .
Night has fallen !
Time flies .
I studied around the clock .
I often go out with friends in the evening .
I applied for a summer internship .
Can you wake me up at tomorrow ?
She was visibly afraid to be here .
To me it is important .
This is very important to me .
What did you do during the holidays ?
Ah wonderful .
He had the impudence to cut across our garden .
This whisky is too strong .
This whisky is very strong .
Our friend finished the race in second place .
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers .
Life is indeed a good thing .
Let s leave as soon as he arrives .
Did you play baseball yesterday ?
I owe him .
Please call me Taro .
He is so heartless .
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems .
He has a good reputation .
I wish it were fine today .
Would you care for a cup of tea ?
As I entered the room they applauded .
When I entered the house they all applauded .
Waste not want not .
Scott first changed a watch for a book then the book for money .
He is very hard on lazy people .
He is inferior to you in all respects .
He talks as if he were a teacher .
He has visited France three times .
He has been to France three times .
This house is mine .
Ken has more books than you .
I was happy to see her again .
Someone is calling for help .
They planned to get together here at o clock .
I ll stay there till six o clock .
He bought a new pair of gloves .
My friend studies Korean .
My friend is studying Korean .
What s your problem ?
You re wet through .
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously .
He s a citizen of China .
I plan to never drink again .
Looking back at I think I wasted too much time .
My hope for the new year is to study harder .
You should prepare for the worst .
In my view studying hard is the best way to achieve success .
Open the door for love .
I have two books .
Do we already have that text ?
He is living abroad at the moment .
She is always losing her handkerchief .
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now .
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai .
He is a man of strong stable and trustworthy character .
I cannot praise them too highly .
The term greenhouse effect is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays .
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
How did you make it ?
I told him to come .
I do not need a loan anymore .
Suddenly he saw me .
I cut myself shaving .
I cut myself while shaving .
He teaches us English .
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school .
My father gets along with his friends .
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July Tuesday all day July Wednesday and the morning of July Thursday .
He is always happy .
Copper and silver are both metals .
At first I did not like rock music but now I do .
In general children are fond of candy .
The doctor treated her injury .
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future .
The supermarket opens at ten o clock .
How fluently he speaks English !
Kenya used to be a British colony .
My father helped me with my homework .
The feelings of love at first sight and faithful unto death are unrealistic this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need .
The way some people see it associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones everyone can pick up the ones they like .
Once you ve picked up a stone that you like take it home as soon as you can and treat it well because that s the only stone you ve got .
What s more from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again by believing forever that I have already found the biggest best and most fitting one for me .
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is but that they treat you well .
If one person s qualities are really good say this means they have one hundred points but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty or even ten or twenty . Inversely another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul then which person should you choose ?
In fact people are equal in their qualities .
No matter how good you are there will always be people who are better than you .
Although you can t make it as the greatest person you can still be the best person to your partner .
Every guy can say Although I m not the greatest man in the world I am the man who is best to you . 
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you and not in how good they are themselves .
But having someone is already good in and of itself and if they treat you with sincerity and love you from the bottom of their heart then you really can entrust your life to them .
Today women s only consideration in marriage is probably if you love him or not if he loves you or not whether he is sincere and heartfelt towards you whether there will be pressure with him whether there will be happiness and not what his possessions are !
Turn off the radio please .
Where would you like me to put this ?
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand .
I m drinking water because I m thirsty .
I drink water because I am thirsty .
I know where she is .
I was happy to see him .
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal oil or natural gas is burned .
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary .
Others say it may even be beneficial .
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet .
First of all the level of the ocean could rise because ocean water expands as it grows warmer .
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels .
People living on coastlines might lose their homes and cities might be completely submerged .
This would be a terrible tragedy .
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so .
Hot weather doesn t just mean that people feel a little unhappy .
I d like three of these .
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy which costs money and creates pollution .
It can make some people especially elderly people and infants very ill .
It can also kill crops .
You can come at any time .
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below .
The abbreviation of Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference is CPPCC .
I have nothing to do with the affair .
I have nothing to do with this matter .
His father is Japanese .
Her father is Japanese .
My heart is in pain .
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in th century China .
This book was easy .
My name is Farshad .
He learnt the periodic table by heart just for fun .
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent .
It is too dark for me to read .
Are you tired ?
They went to the station by car .
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese style garden .
Please bear with me until I finish the story .
It s big for a house .
Don t talk in the reading room .
Would you like some salad ?
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind .
Indeed dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport !
France s currency was the franc and its symbol was . While it is no longer used in France francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea .
Tatoeba is addictive .
His record is a new world record in the meter dash .
The term qipao is widely used in Northern China .
In Southern China the qipao is also known as changshan .
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form .
Or do you have to take the bus ?
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do .
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport .
You can t fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude .
The wound discharged pus .
With a high closed collar figure hugging cut and large slits at either side of a straight skirt the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness .
The original qipao was wide and loose .
The original qipao covered most of a woman s body revealing only the head the hands and the tips of the toes in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age .
The modern version which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao was first developed in Shanghai after .
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes .
Slender and form fitting with a high cut the new qipao contrasted sharply with the traditional one .
By the s the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics with an equally wide variety of accessories .
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure .
With its distinctive Chinese features the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion .
Old birds sing young birds twitter .
Like father like son .
He s in a bad mood .
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth .
Who seeds wind shall harvest storm .
It serves you right .
An eclipse of the moon is a rare phenomenon .
It was the greatest earthquake on record .
Whose dictionary is this ?
There were lots of people in the stadium .
He came and had dinner with us .
This company manufactures computer chips .
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities .
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday .
Though I am tired I will work hard .
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel .
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again .
That singer is very popular with young people .
I wonder which country will be the first to censor Tatoeba .
Don t be so wild Jack .
We raced toward the fire .
He is very sensitive .
I would like to pay with cash .
I bought a watch .
I see Dan .
 Are you tired ? No not at all . 
They have two sons and one daughter .
Don t open your book .
I booked a seat .
Appreciate the little things in life they will bring you to a bigger end target .
At times the train doesn t arrive on time .
Mike has been out of work for a year .
A car passed by at top speed .
The family is too poor to pay back the debts .
It is foolish of him to pay for it again .
You ve acted foolishly and you will pay for it .
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry ?
Would you mind picking up something on the way back ?
It d be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home .
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes .
The bus picked up the speed gradually .
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed .
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing .
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him .
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight .
The candle went out instead of having been put out .
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
You have to put up with all this noise .
If you can put up with us put us up .
He put up a brave and lone struggle but up against such heavy odds he couldn t get his business plan accepted .
You have to put up with all these noises .
Hold on a second I ll be right back . Don t hang up !
Will you give me a light ?
The mountain used to send out clouds of smoke .
This question must be discussed separately from that one .
He can t swim .
He cannot swim .
I will show you some pictures .
My mother tongue is Japanese .
My native language is Japanese .
Mr . Smith came .
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography .
Where does it hurt ?
Don t throw stones into the river .
I m not tired right now .
There s no rush to get married .
Don t rush into marriage .
Although marriage is a great thing don t worry what should be yours will be yours .
Don t be afraid to invest time and energy .
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship .
You can t get a great relationship you can only find someone you love from the heart and work together with them to achieve a great relationship .
If you don t resolve to become a good man then you just won t get a good woman .
There isn t a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman similarly there isn t a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man .
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it and that is all .
In fact love is the only genuinely precious thing in life it s also the only thing worthy of pursuit .
As long as you have someone you love from the heart you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world .
Let me work in peace .
Why do women want to sleep in a man s embrace ?
I want to be a pilot in the future .
Please show me your notebook .
They gathered about the fireplace .
My mother can play golf very well .
He is the last person to give away the secret .
I gave my sister a doll .
Does Tom like tomatoes ?
I was terribly frightened .
He canceled the appointment at the last moment .
Have you finished the work yet ?
I made John happy .
My shoulder hurts .
I love you more than you love me .
I love you more than I love her .
You don t know how much I love you .
He lay on his back .
I ve worked here for ten years .
That house is big .
America did away with slavery .
Although I was tired I did what I was able to do .
That young man is very keen on cycling .
He had no place to live .
My uncle works in this office .
I want to buy this toy doll .
I would like an air conditioned room .
I had words with the manager of that store because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn t operating properly .
That isn t my problem .
He lived a busy life .
She lives in Kyoto .
Sleep well Timmy .
I m used to it .
Crazy !
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers .
In England parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people .
During the holidays some university students go to Africa as volunteers and help to perfect local wildlife conservation .
If we don t make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests many of the rare species in them will become extinct .
The Chinese government has spent a lot of money on research into successful panda breeding in order to increase their birth rate .
Murdering elephants tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel it s also illegal .
More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars .
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems .
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging and also to recycle all waste plastic .
Some people only buy organic food they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants .
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference .
Is this the direct way to the Prado ?
You will find it stated a few pages further on .
She acknowledged having made a mistake .
The remark you made at the party about Lisa s weight was totally uncalled for .
He didn t know that .
I think he must go there .
He is a very imaginative writer .
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book .
You can t carry people on your bike didn t you know ?
We really didn t know we won t do it next time .
Leave the bike here and tomorrow bring your ID and dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back .
Hopefully you ll comply with traffic regulations after this .
How can there be a traffic jam now as late as o clock ?
There s probably been a traffic accident .
They re probably waiting for the traffic police .
You re bleeding everywhere I ll help you up .
I m really sorry it s all my fault I didn t notice you .
You re not entirely to blame just then I was listening to music all along and wasn t paying attention .
Fuck you !
May I borrow your knife ?
Are you interested in Japanese music ?
In Soviet Russia sentence writes you !
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature namely the rat ox tiger rabbit snake horse goat monkey rooster dog and pig as well as the legendary form of the dragon and are used as a calendar .
 was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar .
On a fundamental level the forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship .
You re absolutely right .
You can stay here as long as you like .
I m sorry that I cannot come over today .
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people s births as their lives were closely connected to these animals .
Without doubt what people worship first is what they see most often for example the animals that had the closest connection to people s lives like the horse the cow the sheep the rooster the dog and so on .
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs sayings and stories .
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people s lives language and literature .
The horse does not just represent energy high spirits prosperity development but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping and of striving on without giving up .
As well as this the horse is also representative of human talent .
In China talented people are often described as ten thousand mile horses .
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac .
The reason the cat is not included in the animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple .
In ancient China there were no cats the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later .
Living in the country I have few visitors .
I was born on October th .
I was born October th .
I try not to think about it .
I have to take the book back to the library today .
Do you live here ?
All the students clapped their hands .
All the students applaud .
My friend invited me to go out to dinner .
I have been to Paris .
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday I prepared a fantastic cake .
Whatever are you doing here ?
 What are you doing here ? he asked me in surprise .
Gold is heavier than iron .
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn t completely safe we might fall ill face danger or encounter the unexpected .
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out .
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading .
Professional writers do not have a regular income .
She s not among the regular employees of this company .
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country .
What one has to learn is more than the language .
If you pay attention to your foreign friends you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours .
In India people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand .
Otherwise it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand because the left hand is used for bathing .
They express disagreement by shaking their heads which may indicate agreement in other countries .
For example in Bulgaria shaking one s head means yes while nodding one s head means no .
Can money buy happiness ?
You don t need millions to be happy .
At The Happiness Institute in Australia a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick .
Experts say only about percent of happiness comes from income assets and other financial factors .
As much as percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude life control and relationships .
She gets up at seven .
He gets up at seven .
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents happiness levels haven t changed to reflect that .
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met additional wealth adds very little to happiness .
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel .
I m doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions .
The questions will not take long and everything would be kept completely anonymous .
She is beautiful .
She s beautiful .
She s pretty .
Where is my sentence ?
Because we re worth it .
Because we re worth it .
Do you have a cellphone ?
I need a new pen . I ll buy one .
He loves taking trips .
I don t know how deep the lake is .
Which way is the beach ?
It s just your imagination .
There is an apple on the desk .
There is one apple on the desk .
What should I bring ?
You have no need to be ashamed .
I ll drive you to the airport .
I ll drive you to the airport .
Take a taxi to the hotel .
It s brand new .
I am ashamed of myself .
It s late .
I remember seeing the movie .
Bring it to me .
I do hope you ll come again .
I m sorry . I take back my words .
This apple is very red .
There is a fork missing .
There is a knife missing .
Please don t speak so fast .
It s just around the corner .
You should take the number bus .
Where do the airport buses leave from ?
What s the name of this street please ?
Are you writing a letter ?
Will you show me what you bought ?
Turn left at the next corner .
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres .
Please show your ticket .
Please show me another .
I would like to have a cup of coffee .
I m from Singapore .
My name is Andrea .
Read my lips no new taxes !
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food I wouldn t like to eat there .
If there even are people more beautiful than you there won t be many of them .
Even if I had enough money I still wouldn t buy a Ferrari .
Even though America is a developed country it still has some very poor people .
Although his exam scores weren t very high he was still successful after graduation .
I m addicted to Tatoeba .
He has been to France .
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are ?
The rent can be a bit expensive but something nearby would be best .
This house is nearby it has two bedrooms and a living room and the decoration isn t bad it s a month .
I hear you ve already contacted the broker .
The decorating isn t bad .
Then how about this a month .
Let s deal with the formalities .
We ll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive .
I d like some advice on something .
OK what would you like advice on ?
I d like to rent a house .
I am a woman .
I m a woman .
Hutongs are a type of narrow street most commonly associated with Beijing China .
The term hutong originally meaning water well came from the Mongolian language about years ago .
The implication was that where there was a well there were residents .
In Beijing hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans the traditional courtyard residences .
We played . We lost . How about starting it over ?
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel .
The vacation is close to an end .
Not knowing what to say I remained silent .
I met an old friend of mine the other day .
I listen to music .
One hutong connects with another siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city .
In the Ming Dynasty early th century the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City .
Your assistance is indispensable for us .
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center .
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace .
The large siheyuans of these high ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens .
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners merchants artisans and laborers .
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration and the hutongs were narrower .
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting so a majority of hutongs run from east to west .
Since the mid th century the number of hutongs in Beijing has dropped dramatically as they are demolished to make way for new roads and buildings .
More recently some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history .
Where do you live ?
I d be very grateful if you could help me .
Let s take a short break .
I was disappointed in him .
She works with single minded determination .
When did the error occur ?
What did the experimental set up look like ? What was connected to what and how ?
How is the error observed ?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically ? Is the error reproducible ?
Sorry . The train was late .
Many flights were canceled owing to the typhoon .
It seems to me that the train is late .
The organization is not connected with any political parties .
I study .
The father is good .
I plan to write Judy a letter .
May the force be with you .
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse .
They found the track of a bear in the snow .
I resigned from my position as club treasurer .
Where is your school ?
I got these earrings from my grandmother .
The land on his farm is very fertile .
Why do bees die after stinging ?
She has a house by the sea .
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn t interested .
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success .
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life .
He takes pride in his work .
His work is a source of pride for him .
When I didn t have any money I only had a rug for a bed .
Skilled soldiers know how to use their environment as a weapon .
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been .
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour .
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food .
You d better not speak .
I shouldn t have logged off .
He tiptoed so no one heard him .
She got up at seven in the morning .
What s the reason ?
What s the reason ?
Pass me the salt and pepper please .
You are a toilet !
We need money .
It would be great if you could sing .
Can you give me another sentence to translate ?
Insects have a hard skin .
He is very handsome .
I give you my heart .
All the students are studying English .
Come home early .
The company suffered big losses .
We have experienced many changes over the last decade .
Besides the rain we experienced heavy winds .
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way .
At last they experienced the joy of victory .
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced .
Tom takes the bus to the city .
Tom is on the bus to the city .
This door is locked from the inside .
Her only pleasure is listening to music .
He has a large family .
The dog attacked the little boy .
My father feels satisfied about this result .
Today the teacher took Chinese culture as a topic .
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert although she finished all her songs many members of the audience were not satisfied .
Let s take English history as a topic today .
Apples are the best fruit .
Li Bai s work is the most famous of Chinese poetry .
What you want is the most important thing .
Follow your desire .
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class .
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high many students still have time to go out and have fun .
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now there is still room for improvement .
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese it s not as hard as you think .
Although studying Chinese seems difficult it s simpler than you think .
Normally speaking Chinese people consider rice to be an important food the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food .
Many parents take pride in their children .
Fish n chips is the most famous English food .
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world .
The American government has always regarded England as America s house pet .
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world .
He explained his plan both to my son and to me .
Safety is what matters most .
I m looking forward to the party .
She had nothing to do yesterday .
Did you fall in love with her at first sight ?
How many apples are there ?
How many apples are there ?
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after .
I don t eat the apple core .
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp .
He raised the glass to his mouth and drained it all in one shot .
If you can see your breath when you exhale you know it s cold .
I keep saying that I m innocent but no one will listen .
It may have rained a little last night .
How can you accuse me of such a thing ? I would never lay a hand on my child .
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents .
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you .
I had no idea who she was .
Could I trouble you with something ?
I d like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off .
I d like to borrow your notes for a bit .
I left the notes in the dormitory . I ll go back and get them now .
I ll use it a bit this evening and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow .
Today is the last day to pay tuition fees and my credit card has no money on it .
Do you have cash on you now ? Could you lend me some ?
I don t have much money on me right now but my card has some on it .
I ll pay you back as soon as I have money .
Then I ll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience .
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival the most important festival for the people of China .
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year .
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as passing the year .
If you mention New Year in China the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together .
Dumplings are essential at the New Year s Eve dinner table .
Especially in northern China wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year s Eve in many households .
This means that eating dumplings on New Year s eve is a symbol of family reunion .
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year s Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time in ancient China each day was divided into twelve sections the beginning of each day was called first time which corresponds to the period from pm to am .
Arriving at the end of each year that is the last day of the lunar calendar wasn t just a new day taking over from the previous one but also a new year taking over from the previous one and this was called first exchange .
In Chinese dumpling and first exchange are homophones so they have a rich cultural association .
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings .
I sold my house and furniture together with my jewelry in order to scrape together a half a million .
The problem is that solar energy costs too much .
Reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish .
Do you have kids ?
This is my property .
Where did you pick up your Italian ?
What about having fish for dinner ?
This is not true love .
Please say hello to Mrs . Andreescu !
I found it !
The cause of the fire was unknown .
What is the common language in Peru ?
I need to know your answer by Friday .
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright .
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident .
I am trying to learn English .
Here comes the bus .
I didn t say it .
I think that you ll like it too .
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath .
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow .
Two students are absent today .
Your book is here .
Do ghosts really exist ?
A fallen tree obstructed the road .
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water .
Being written in great haste this letter has quite a few mistakes .
As China develops more and more countries want to have good relations with it .
As global warming increases sea levels get higher and higher .
With the arrival of winter the leaves on the trees fall down .
With his interest in Justin Bieber I just couldn t love him .
With the release of Skype studying languages has become easier .
As North Korea displays aggression South Korea concentrates its forces near the border .
As time goes on China s economy gets stronger and stronger .
As time goes on my life gets worse and worse .
These garments are made of percent wool .
I love her .
I m going to the park .
If it s at all possible I d like you to take part in the next meeting .
May I say something ?
My wife bought a new pram .
It works well .
Do it yourself !
How do you say that ?
Take it easy ! Don t be so nervous .
I already bought it .
Happy birthday to you !
I wish you a happy birthday .
It s getting darker and darker .
Did you hear me ?
Are we going out for lunch today ?
Are we going out to eat this afternoon ?
Then what shall I do tomorrow ?
I took the medicine .
I want to ask you a question .
I feel sick .
Can you tell me where the restrooms are ?
How much is it ?
It snowed a lot .
He went by bicycle .
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto .
I will wait .
Put the book there .
I m learning English .
We have two children .
Linda loves chocolate .
We hope you will enjoy the show .
I can t explain it either .
If there even are people more beautiful than you there won t be many of them .
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese .
The surface of the object is fairly rough .
He tore the book apart .
He s not my type .
Marriage has many pains but celibacy has no pleasures .
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously .
I don t speak Japanese .
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago .
They are much taller than us .
Do you eat meat ?
It s awfully cold this evening .
This dog is almost human .
The boy said a wolf would come .
I followed him into his room .
We went to the station to see her off .
Guilin s sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven .
He walked before me .
I don t want to hurt you .
He is taller than I .
He is a head taller than me .
He took me for an Englishman .
Have you ever been to Kyushu ?
No . They are too small .
At last he went to America .
How about studying together in the library ?
It is seven in London now .
You don t get up as early as your sister .
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure .
It sounds like he s going to Kashgar .
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar .
He often stays away from home on the weekend .
Many scientists live in this small village .
He asked my mother .
I have a lot of pictures .
That was all Greek to me .
Kentucky screams fuck .
No matter what you say the answer is no . 
You might not like this beer at first . It s an acquired taste .
Kate always sleeps through her alarm . Speaking of which have you seen her yet today ?
We were just talking about you when you called .
We have had little snow this winter .
It was foolish of you to accept his offer .
The information you gave me is of little use .
The plan gave rise to much trouble .
You had better not start until they arrive .
I d like to go with you but as it is I can t .
If only I could speak English as fluently as you !
You re stepping into dangerous territory .
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse ?
Where is your twenty ? I ll give you five bucks for it .
I ve got a pacemaker .
It s on the tip of my tongue .
Duh .
There are some songs from Scotland .
Keep not two tongues in one mouth .
Is the hotel close to the airport ?
She has not seen him for a long time .
We asked him what he was called .
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake .
The sky today is the bluest that I ve ever seen it .
I don t want to buy this carpet .
I saw a red car and a white one . The red one was nicer looking than the white one .
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen . They re almost unnaturally blue .
The petals are floating on the water .
She woke up on her own .
They went to Chicago by car .
While you re young you should read a lot .
England expects that every man will do his duty .
I feel as if I ve woken up from a nightmare .
The waterways branch out across the plain .
I don t know where my watch is .
His parents are saving for his college education .
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat .
I don t have any enemies .
I m crazy for you !
I m sad without you .
He often writes to his parents .
Where did you find this wallet ?
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai .
Your grammar is better than your breath .
Did you meet him recently ?
What year is it ?
Time to get up .
It s time to get up .
Where is the post office ?
Where s the post office ?
It exists but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it there s no need to have words for it .
We were very sleepy the next morning .
Life is half spent before we know what it is .
How do you know they re not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face ?
They called in a doctor because the child was ill .
There s no way to get in touch with him .
I dare not probe too deeply lest I uncover the awful truth !
Kobe is the city which I was born in .
He didn t know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet .
Smoking is not good for the health .
People thought him to be a great scholar .
I m not sure who I should give this present to the girl or the boy ?
We got on the bus at Shinjuku .
Are you through with your breakfast ?
I must admit that I snore .
He can t afford a new car .
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music .
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic .
The weather turned bad .
Christmas is coming soon .
It looks like it s going to snow .
I want to go to Italy .
My uncle comes to see me from time to time .
They were all dressed in uniforms .
Many English words are derived from Latin .
He fought against racial discrimination .
Next year I will be three times as old as you .
She stooped to pick up a pebble .
Every sentence in this book is important .
It s totally without precedent for the suspect s attorney to be the true culprit .
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands .
Please pick me up at the airport at five .
I can t finish the job in so short a time .
Do you need help carrying anything ?
I ll boil the potatoes for you .
Tom is as tall as Jim .
Tom and Jim are the same height .
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset ?
We use a lot of water every day .
What you see is what you get .
Do I have to take off my shoes here ?
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket .
The crane unlike the dog has never dreamed of flying .
May I introduce myself ?
Good thinking !
I came to Japan from China .
I looked but I didn t see anything .
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing .
This patient s condition is getting worse day by day .
Not now please wait a bit .
He said I want to be a scientist . 
I like traveling .
I like to travel .
I m married .
How much is it ?
How much does it cost ?
She showed me her room .
She showed me her room .
He does not like being punished .
Angelica Pickles is very selfish .
It s better to do nothing than to do something poorly .
This little girl let the birds escape .
I ve started learning Esperanto .
I like you .
She is wearing a hat .
There is a library in our city .
I fell in love with you .
When ice melts it becomes water .
The soccer game will be played even if it rains .
I remember having seen this movie before .
When I painted this picture I was years old .
He killed himself by taking poison .
He committed suicide by taking poison .
The people s hardships are our hardships .
New York is a big city .
At four o clock they arrived at the hotel .
He made up his mind to be a doctor .
No matter what you may say I will not change my mind .
I was abroad on an assignment .
Silence is golden .
I feel for you .
I sympathize with you .
You have my sympathy .
Everybody laughed .
I teach English .
They increased the territory of the empire .
He was deeply moved by the story .
No matter what happens you must not give up .
She stopped appearing in public after her accident .
The students noted down every word the teacher said .
I like science fiction better .
Your camera is only half the size of mine .
Would you like to become a trusted user ?
This book isn t mine .
I like your car .
I play the piano .
I play video games .
I m glad to hear that .
I am supremely glad to hear it .
I am writing a letter .
I would like to leave this town and never come back .
Well begun is half done .
No I don t have it .
Please don t speak so fast .
Do you understand ?
Will it rain this afternoon ?
The ship is about to set sail .
Where did the accident take place ?
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido .
Her beauty will fade in time .
I have lived here for ten years .
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries .
You ought to finish your homework at once .
Don t cast pearls before swine .
Among the five of us he s surely the one who can speak the most languages .
How about studying together in the library ?
How about studying together in the library ?
Wild !
I m not a woman hater and if I were I would make an exception for you .
If you meet the Orleanu sisters invite them to Ruxandra s birthday . And don t forget their brother .
Fish cannot live out of water .
I haven t eaten for days .
I haven t eaten for many days .
Bill has many friends .
Bill has many friends .
What do you like to eat ?
This year Edinburgh began work on its fifteen year regeneration project to transform its waterfront and provide a new kind of living area for its growing population .
What s new about this way of urban living ?
Before now when you thought of a city you thought of crowded streets parking problems traffic jams queues noise and fumes .
Cities are exciting places but also stressful .
The Edinburgh Waterfront project could be about to change all that .
With the creation of a city area that s more like a town with plenty of greenery and community buildings living in the city will soon mean simpler stress free lifestyles for the that are expected to live work and play in Edinburgh s Waterfront .
How will the project work ?
Over the next fifteen years architects planners and community developers will work together to transform acres of industrial wasteland into homes two shopping centres a marina a primary school and college and parkland .
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh s city centre which is only two miles away .
Where did you go for vacation ?
What will this mean for Edinburgh ?
I should be studying English but I want to watch a movie .
What did she say ?
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience with many historic buildings and tourist attractions .
I don t have a car .
My parents don t speak Dutch .
The Waterfront project will help to keep Edinburgh up to date and bring more people to Scotland s capital city .
She doesn t drink coffee .
He s not home .
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable so that low income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area .
It will also help to strengthen the city s economy .
For the UK s fastest growing city after London this is good news .
He can t help you .
So will this mean healthier cities ?
I don t think he can help you .
He says he won t come .
Edinburgh s Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities .
I didn t see anything .
He s never been to America .
The Waterfront s success could mean that other cities soon follow creating areas that offer people a new kind of city living with all the benefits and none of the stress noise and pollution of crowded centres .
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities ?
My bike is stolen .
Let s hope so .
This room is cleaned by Tom .
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo .
Someone called .
The panda is China s national treasure .
People in Taiwan work hard .
It is said that Dutch are tolerant .
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places .
 Don t cry she said .
I will show you some pictures .
Honesty is the primary reason for his success .
Sooner or later his luck will run out .
Can I pay by credit card ?
Cheers !
Tatoeba Because a language is more than the sum of its words .
What does Tatoeba mean ?
What does TATOEBA mean ?
An idea came to me .
I know that you know that I know .
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn t faking her orgasms ?
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound .
I plan to catch the train .
This city lies at the base of a mountain .
This boy slept for eight hours .
He offered more than could be expected .
Her speech was excellent .
She runs .
If only we had a garden !
Do you remember me ?
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad .
It is no use crying over spilt milk .
Because of their rarity pandas have become a world treasure .
He ll wait for you .
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in it took the panda as its symbol .
Pandas are very clever .
The Fuzhou Zoo in China s Fujian Province has done more than its counterparts in training pandas .
There pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items .
Qing Qing a seven year old panda can even recognise its name .
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers .
China is a huge country .
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year .
Finally Oedipus replied .
North China is cold in spring so flowers don t bloom outdoors .
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere .
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows .
In the south of China the situation is different .
With a warm and wet climate Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round .
John Lennon was born in .
From then on flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year .
There is an old saying there No flower fairs no Spring Festival . 
Where s the closest pharmacy ?
Who seeds wind shall harvest storm .
You reap what you sow .
Clothes make the man .
I don t mind if I get wet .
He should thank you .
This wine tastes great .
They have nothing to eat .
New people new laws .
London is the capital of England .
Africa is a continent but Greenland isn t .
The family ate dinner together .
We ll begin work soon .
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below if you need to you can add or remove a few words .
Because of these trees he can t see the forest .
We have two ears .
Ladies before gentlemen .
Ladies first !
I have a friend whose father is a teacher .
For a long time I ve had a habit of going to bed early .
Stay off the grass .
That is a strange sentence .
I don t like this jacket .
He died of lung cancer .
Somebody pushed me in .
Someone pushed me inside .
Maria decided to never come back to see him again .
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school .
Don t hate me !
Yes I m coming .
Why do you want to know what I m thinking ?
Tomorrow is Saturday February th .
I m angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine s Day .
I m angry with you about this .
Why are you angry with me ?
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance .
She studies .
I miss you all the time .
I miss you constantly .
I m constantly studying .
I have exams from dawn till dusk .
He eats non stop .
He eats around the clock .
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China .
By the end of June the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million seven hundred and forty one thousand making up . of the total rural population .
In the same period the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million making up . of the total urban population .
By the end of the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand showing that in six months a total of fourteen million three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online .
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users .
In its Eleven Five Plan to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town .
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users in terms of online music online games online film and television and the Internet s capacity for entertainment rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones .
However compared to that in cities rural use of online news search engines online shopping online banking online stocks and so on is much lower .
In some rural areas the Internet is important for agricultural information as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing .
Liu Manqiang deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology says Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value an important goal for the development of China s information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry . 
The mischievous son loved his dad .
Put them on the baking pan and smear them with egg whites .
Be careful when you pass through the street s busy traffic .
An unpleasant feeling is always bad .
I don t like English .
Tim writes with his left hand .
Tim writes left handed .
People can easily tell the difference between them .
Generally men run faster than women .
I love nature .
I don t like these remarks .
Let s proceed with the items on the agenda .
Do you think we should send for the doctor ?
You must send for the doctor .
Will you send for a doctor ?
You d better send for a doctor .
If her temperature goes up send for the doctor .
Tom hit a triple .
Send for the doctor at once .
Send for the doctor at once or the patient may get worse .
This bridge looks secure .
Orange juice or champagne ?
What do you usually do after dinner ?
Hope to see you again next year .
We take health for granted until illness intervenes .
The chemical formula for water is H O H .
Ken has arrived in Kyoto .
I saw the film in San Francisco last year .
There is no denying the fact .
Ignorance is bliss .
He is independent of his parents .
I am too busy to go .
I m too busy to go .
Fifty two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex .
The patient lies in bed .
There is no doubt as to her beauty .
The children slid down the bank .
The police were able to find the criminal .
Clear water breeds no fish .
Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast .
They both are wearing a hat .
Mother made me clean the bathroom .
Please take care not to break this vase .
I don t understand your mind .
I don t know your heart .
This booklet is free of charge .
I don t like being treated as a child .
His mother didn t want to do it .
Your brother will not buy it .
My father cannot lift it up .
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it .
The boy actually was going to do it .
May it not happen !
Let your uncle think about it .
Let s speak Vabungula and Yuelami !
You must do it .
The mouse ran into the hole .
Having said that he left with his wife .
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse .
Thinking about that I left .
If he were here he would visit us .
If I could understand it I would tell you so .
It will be said by your daughter .
The book is being written by my husband .
The child is writing a book .
I ate the apple .
He is the person whom I saw yesterday .
The boy eats bread .
Don t forget where you put it .
I really know what he said .
I ve never met him .
I don t like early morning meetings .
They will not accept any excuses for not joining the meeting .
The room is fully furnished .
I know him but I don t know his name .
Will you all be here tomorrow ?
You are always watching TV .
He has long hair .
What are you thinking about ?
He made up the story .
I was drinking milk a moment ago .
Tom can t play tennis .
Let s play a game of blind man s buff .
One man s terrorist is another man s freedom fighter .
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort .
Can you answer this riddle ?
The doctor felt my pulse .
I waited until the last minute .
His trouble was chiefly mental .
I had a good sleep last night .
I returned the book to the library .
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush .
I accidentally took his umbrella .
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago .
Please let me try the game .
When in Ukraine I always speak Ukrainian .
You are absolutely right .
You re absolutely right .
He often quotes from Shakespeare .
He might change his mind .
Your time is up .
He broke into a house .
It s true .
This is true .
That s true .
Life is fun .
You ve been deceived .
She despised him .
It s improved .
Second semester has ended .
This book is yours .
Let s get together again !
He married a stewardess .
He witnessed the murder .
I m just looking around .
I like playing sports .
I like sports .
I love sports .
Aren t you happy ?
Tom broke the window .
Jack resembles his father .
Ken wants a bicycle .
Mary can dance well .
Where does it hurt ?
Please wrap it up .
Can t you speak English ?
Of course !
I like instrumental music .
He s my younger brother .
Ken looks happy .
I ll see to it .
I ll visit him tomorrow .
His grandmother looks healthy .
I ll treat you .
I think it s OK .
She disliked him .
She didn t like him .
Get out of bed !
Don t you play tennis ?
That s life .
That s life .
We played basketball yesterday .
Bill was in Japan .
Please think it over .
It s a secret .
Do it now .
You look pale .
Alice may possibly come .
I wanted red shoes .
Mike was elected chairperson .
No drinkers allowed .
Can you swim ?
Turn off the light .
Clean your room .
Long time no see .
Can you do bookkeeping ?
Large isn t it ?
I ll miss your cooking .
I voted for Ken .
Welcome to Japan .
That was my mistake .
We need your help .
She doesn t like sushi .
Why were you there ?
How should I know ?
Do you drink coffee ?
You re still young .
He taught himself French .
I ll return at .
I ll see you later .
Betty likes classical music .
Their wedding is tomorrow .
I continued working .
I made a mistake .
Mary ran .
 Honey come to bed . No not yet . I still have to translate some sentences on Tatoeba . 
If cheese is good but the cake is a lie what is a cheesecake ? A good lie .
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before .
You never get a second chance to make a first impression .
I want to eat warm soup .
Never knew before what eternity was made for . It is to give some of us a chance to learn German .
Date of last revision of this page 
They sailed along the west coast of Africa .
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first .
Time flies like an arrow fruit flies like a banana .
It s wrong to deceive people but worse to deceive yourself .
Paris is the capital of France .
In this society where everything is disposable it is a virtue to use something until it wears out .
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else .
It s easy to make friends but hard to get rid of them .
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see .
Eat a live frog every morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day .
If we were supposed to talk more than listen we would have been given two mouths and one ear .
In life there are ups and downs .
No love is foul nor prison fair .
We are cut from the same cloth .
The walls have ears .
The walls have ears .
I ve got a frog in my throat .
Don t listen to him he s talking nonsense .
We are sorry the person you are trying to contact is not available .
I don t want it anymore .
Here is your change .
I m sorry I don t have change .
How come you know so much about Japanese history ?
You may as well withdraw from the club right away .
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years but now he realizes it is foolish and he has decided not to pay a red cent more .
Mother in law and daughter in law are a tempest and hailstorm .
There is no time to be lost .
We ve been horsing around too much it s high time we got down to brass tacks .
Why am I the only one they complain about ? They re just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat .
Every Jack must have his Jill .
Every Jack has his Jill .
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten .
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago .
The ship was flying the American flag .
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness .
John cannot keep his family .
Let s toss up for it .
She sets your world alight .
Those young men are independent of their parents .
Tell me your story . I am all ears .
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet .
I have to be there by .
The general strike paralyzed the whole country .
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
We re fed up with your complaining .
We enjoyed watching the TV .
We talked and talked until the day broke .
My comment sparked off an argument in the group .
Wires are used to convey electricity .
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife .
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows goats sheep and other mammals .
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it .
I ll show you around the town .
I should have known better than to call him .
He is a screwball .
He was walking with his shoulders squared .
He himself was not the light .
He is endowed with unusual ability in mathematics .
He spared no pains to help me .
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality .
She drew up the curtain .
She cried her heart out .
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones .
Is he breathing ?
She is hard up for money .
The lawyer warned his client against testifying but he did it anyway .
It is easy to swim .
When you re trying to prove something it helps to know it s true .
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it .
If you think education is expensive wait till you see what ignorance costs you .
More money for education will spur economic growth .
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes her wish will come true .
Something must be wrong with the machinery .
This book is worth reading twice .
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words .
What is your favorite sentence ?
My business has at last gotten on the right track .
I was surprised to see a lion .
Beware of the dog !
Wise men talk about ideas intellectuals about facts and the ordinary man talks about what he eats .
You must share your jobs with others .
I think your basic theory is wrong .
As long as you are here we might as well begin .
Since you are here we might as well begin .
That you don t believe me is a great pity .
I don t know how to express my thanks .
There is a certain amount of truth in what he s saying .
Put his address down .
Those photos are hers .
No student is allowed to enter the room .
The input method also works with this version .
Tom is a friend of mine .
It was in that Evariste Galois fell in love with Stephanie Felicie Poterin du Motel .
The more cheese the more holes . The more holes the less cheese . Thus The more cheese the less cheese .
Our goose is cooked .
Our goose is cooked .
He met with a traffic accident .
How many are there in your class ?
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary .
Paris is best in autumn .
When I study I listen to music with earphones .
I ve been reading that book all afternoon .
He is a teacher as is clear from his way of talking .
Can you speak English ?
Can you speak English at all ?
Do you speak English ?
You killed my father and today I ll have my vengeance .
You have to leave .
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil .
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin .
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them .
However what s interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers .
On gift giving occasions people generally avoid giving money but there are exceptions .
Do you want this shirt ?
Harry is only .
People are getting more concerned about the matter .
He is a great scientist .
It seems that he is interested in astronomy .
You read the paper ?
He committed suicide by hanging himself .
Olympus ? Isn t that where Greek gods hang out or something ?
I go to work every day .
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand .
When do you drink coffee ?
This verb is normally used only in the third person .
My best friend dances really well .
How much does a beer cost ?
How much is a beer ?
Why should you be so sad ?
 Okay okay said the doctor . I ll definitely take a look at her . 
You began to learn Esperanto .
There were no hats in that store that fit me .
It s eleven and he s not coming .
My eyes get tired very easily .
I heard someone shout outside the window .
One lives in Fukuoka and the others live in Niigata .
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street .
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher .
I have an old bicycle .
Who knows Hu Jintao s birthday ?
I have an old bicycle .
I have brothers .
We don t have any sledders here .
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority .
Your bag is on my desk .
Make the hoe your sword and the sword your hoe .
I felt bad .
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy .
Betty murdered him .
Could you do me a favour please ?
He was detected in the very act of stealing .
Winter is over and spring has come .
It cannot be denied that we cannot do without the telephone in our modern life .
This may sound like blowing my own horn but . . .
You have to be patient about your recovery .
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult .
She was elected chairman of the committee .
Their quarrel sprang from misunderstanding .
The school is located within five minutes walk of the station .
Don t complain . You have to go .
Not all of the passengers escaped injury .
You aren t quite right about that let me explain .
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air ?
I will wait for you in front of the radio station .
I lead a fast way of living .
The vagabond when rich is called a tourist .
The policy fluctuated between two opinions .
The law is not always fair .
It is our duty to obey the law .
All men are equal under the law .
Respect for law is fundamental to our society .
The objective of law is justice .
The law should not be violated .
People who break the law are punished .
You ll be punished if you break the law .
You are not to break the law .
The bill will never go through .
This bill is safe to pass .
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House .
The bill passed both Houses .
Lobbyists for the bill funneled bribes into a campaign fund .
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn t even know how to use computers .
It s possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking accountancy and so on .
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own .
The first time I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all and didn t understand China s conventions and customs .
But when I arrived in China that time I had a family waiting for me .
This time although I m more experienced there s nobody waiting to meet me .
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north east about one thousand kilometres from Beijing .
You have the same racket as I have .
When booking flights I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first then get the train to complete my journey .
You should know better than to ask a lady her age .
Doing it this way was probably the most fun too .
You should take care of your sick mother .
You look tired . You ought to rest for an hour or two .
I think that you ought to apologize to her .
You told her that you had finished the work three days before .
You must be careful not to make him angry .
However as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision .
You should have helped him with his work .
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long .
In China you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there .
What s more you can only buy train tickets one week in advance .
You should pay more attention to what he says .
You should pay more attention to his warnings .
You work as hard as he did at your age .
At the train station once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was I began the long wait .
What do you usually do on Sundays ?
Do you know how to cook meat ?
You could count to ten when you were two .
You are working too hard . Take it easy for a while .
I didn t arrive in Harbin until very late and the queue for taxis was already extremely long .
Not long after I joined the queue a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi .
I took it for granted that you were on my side .
You don t go to school on Sunday do you ?
 But I m already queuing I tell him .
You ll learn how to do it sooner or later .
You may take either the big box or the small one .
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi .
You made the same mistake as last time .
 You don t have to queue for my car he offers .
You ought to ask for your teacher s permission .
 Is it an illegal taxi ? I ask him .
You have to get this work finished by noon .
 Then I don t want it I reply .
You will soon get used to speaking in public .
That evening the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages .
Without warning the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin .
When it comes to my turn to speak I confuse the words standard and common and end up saying that the north eastern accent is the most common .
Fortunately everybody understood what this foreigner meant knew I was only making a fool of myself and laughed at me .
In Harbin many people invite me to their homes to have dinner .
You had better be careful not to overeat .
This manga is pretty popular in China .
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it .
Did you do your homework by yourself ?
You ought to get to work on time .
You should look after the children from time to time .
I wish you had told me the truth .
You ought to have come to our party .
You had better take an umbrella with you .
You ought to have come to see me yesterday .
You didn t come to school yesterday did you ?
Did you hear about the fire yesterday ?
Are you a senior high school student ?
You don t have to go to the party unless you want to .
You are free to do as you please with your money .
You ve got to learn to hold your tongue .
You have to turn in the reports on Monday .
You should do the honorable thing and resign .
You need to have friends who can help you out .
What do you base your theory on ?
You do your part and I ll do the rest .
You should make an effort to stop smoking .
You had better not smoke while on duty .
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is ?
Have you ever read any Chinese poems ?
What subjects are you taking at school ?
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries .
What time are you going on duty ?
What do you intend to do ?
You ve worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday .
I wonder if you have something to write with .
You should return home before it gets dark .
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil .
Are men who don t drink still men ?
You had better stay here a little longer .
Have you finished doing your homework yet ?
Have you finished reading that book yet ?
You have made the very same mistake again .
You should practice playing the violin every day .
What prevented you from coming earlier ?
What prevented you from coming earlier ?
Which club do you belong to ?
Which bed do you want to use ?
Where do you attend high school ?
Why did you say such a thing ?
You smoke far too much . You should cut back .
You may think those shoes are in fashion but they aren t .
You don t need to worry about such a thing .
You are old enough to know better than to act like that .
Who did you give it to ?
You will wish you had never seen it .
You should have done it earlier . It cannot be helped now .
You will not be able to catch the train .
You should have introduced yourself to the girl .
You ought to know better at your age .
Do you deny that you went there ?
You should have told me a long time ago .
You d better have your hair cut at once .
You will soon get accustomed to living here .
You d better go to see your family doctor at once .
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister .
Did you do this on your own ?
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow .
You ll soon get accustomed to this cold weather .
How did you come by this money ?
You had better get away from here at once .
You have to study hard to catch up with your class .
Where are you from in Canada ?
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it .
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper .
When did you come to Japan ?
What on earth are you talking about ?
You must be tired after such a long trip .
You shouldn t talk back to your parents like that .
You shouldn t have eaten so much ice cream .
I wish you had told me the truth then .
You must be at the station by o clock .
You look the way your father did thirty years ago .
You ll be able to drive a car in a few days .
You made the mistake on purpose didn t you ?
You may as well tell me all about it .
This is too big .
What did you do last night ?
What were you up to last night ?
This matter is very urgent .
I played with the baby on my knee .
It is evident that he has made a mistake .
It s better to chill white wine before you serve it .
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory .
There are too many people here . Let s go somewhere else .
Are you listening ?
I cannot afford a camera above dollars .
She has remained abroad ever since .
She knows ten times as many English words as I do .
That s true as well .
My French is crappy .
My French is shitty .
Hey twirp ! This here is our territory !
How about having dinner together ?
 Can somebody help me ? I will . 
We ll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position .
You have nice skin .
How much of what I ve written here do you understand ?
She scoffed at my poem .
Hurry up we are leaving !
If you ironed Switzerland it would be bigger than Germany .
You can remove the NNC .
It s snowing today .
It s easy to catch a cold .
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep .
Would you please look over my report ?
Would you please look after the children ?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow ?
Would you look after my cat ?
Maybe you licked it ?
They won many competitions .
You won many competitions .
She won many competitions .
Hi I d like a deep fried pizza roll .
Where does she want to go ?
Where does he want to go ?
Do you trust her ?
The hunter shot the fox dead .
Would you lend me your pencil ?
Would you lend me your knife ?
Would you lend me your dictionary ?
Would you lend me your bicycle ?
Would you lend me some money ?
Would you leave the door open please ?
You re a sicko !
My neighbour s name is Deng Daping .
In a horrifying chain of events Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip .
Take my hand . The two of us are going to construct a utopia .
Tony s voice is nice .
Your head was bursting with new ideas .
Her head was bursting with new ideas .
What more would you want ?
The better he knows the language the less he likes it .
It s stable because all the roots of this equation are negative .
There aren t supposed to be any men in this house .
It s clear that there s a rather strong disagreement between the two .
This is not very stylish .
I m scared shitless .
Worried the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima who was breathing heavily his forehead covered in sweat .
I like watching lesbian porn .
She has big boobs .
All your entertainment in one place .
All your entertainment in one place .
His remuneration consists of a base salary plus commissions .
If you think that I m still going to help a bastard like you then you couldn t be any further away from the truth .
He passed on quietly at his home last night .
They sat on a park bench and began talking .
They sat in the shade of that big tree .
Who made this pie ?
He was loved by everyone that knew him .
I was sacked yesterday .
The criminal was arrested .
The tiger was killed .
My car was stolen by a thief .
That child was told off by the teacher .
My beer was finished off by my room mate .
He made me so angry that I got a headache .
He was beaten to within an inch of his life .
The army was unexpectedly attacked .
Due to global warming cities could be completely submerged .
Her toy was broken by her little sister .
It was her little sister that broke her toy .
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside .
Don t get caught .
Don t get yourself killed .
The batteries in my calculator are dead .
I have to iron my shirt .
Food you eat that you don t like will not be digested well .
I have no regrets about what I did .
Helen is seventeen years old .
We are going to climb that mountain .
After he had graduated from the university he taught English for two years .
He leaves for school at seven .
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems .
Tony broke it .
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans .
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them .
I want a cellular phone but I don t have enough money to pay for one .
Tom was at a loss how to express himself .
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny .
I am going to play tennis .
Answer the question .
This year we offer the same language course as last year .
I want to become an engineer .
I took two cups of coffee .
He looked in all directions but didn t see anyone .
This isn t Spanish .
Betty s Esperanto is really great .
Betty speaks Esperanto really well .
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars .
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function .
Will six o clock suit you ?
He took a drink of whiskey neat .
I think of the woman as a journalist .
This is all he has to do .
There s no disguising the fact that she is dishonest .
How many does he want ?
She was a tall thin girl with long soft brown hair .
She has kept a diary for years .
New Year s Day is close at hand .
The old woman knitted her brows .
Not a star was to be seen .
Not a star was to be seen .
She cannot but laugh .
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday .
How deep is the hole ?
Always be true to yourself .
He is remarkable for his wisdom .
My ex husband no longer lives in this city .
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall .
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall .
We failed due to a lack of preparation .
He admonished them for being noisy .
Nancy invited him to a party .
She is looking for her missing wallet .
Do you know which road leads to my house ?
Bread is made from wheat .
I was told I would feel better after this medicine .
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine .
Tom and Nancy broke up last month .
I m sorry but it s just not possible .
A year has twelve months .
The man behind them is playing the piano .
Because people in the world don t speak the same language much effort is now devoted to translation .
Where s the checkout counter ?
I felt the earth shake .
Tom has been struck by lightning three times .
Who does the gun belong to ?
Yamada is second to none in English in his class .
My neighbor s dog is dead .
He drove the car listening to music on the radio .
The phone rang when I was having lunch .
We didn t go out last night . We could have gone to the movies but we decided to stay home .
My daughter graduated from the university today .
What did you do with that money ?
He sells cars .
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories .
Well have you decided ?
He grinned with delight .
Sorry that was none of my business .
Your order has been submitted .
This paragraph is vague .
Someone s knocking at the door .
Just as if that was proof that that English was correct .
Pardon all but thyself .
Mary has a bad back . It s hard for her to lift things .
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love .
I remember seeing her .
Get up at once or you will be late for school .
 To hire a good lawyer ? Al Sayib asked .
Fall in and out of love quickly .
You should put your coat on .
Having a driver s license is an advantage for this job .
We traveled to Mexico by plane .
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night .
None of them could understand what she was implying .
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall .
In the sphere of thought absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods .
The soul animates the body .
The poor girl went blind .
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand .
I met a novelist and a poet .
What are the points of interest here ?
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English .
The train will pass Motomachi Station .
They cleared the street of snow .
I d like you to have a blood test .
If the distance you move the pen is too small the speed too slow it can t recognize the gestures well and you can t operate it in the way you thought .
Keep on smiling .
We were just about to leave when it rained .
You are sharp .
Just give me your name and address .
You lied to me didn t you ?
The legal system in America is the world s finest .
The soil here is fertile .
He is wanting in courage .
Let s order two bottles .
The girl her eyes shining brightly from that single hint makes her cute cat motif automatic pencil run across her notebook .
He has problems with adapting to lifestyle changes .
I doubt if he ll come to school today .
The snow was knee deep .
Don t bite on the right side .
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy .
The gas gives off a strong bad smell .
He can speak a little English .
I wish I was young again .
That toy is made of wood .
The child doesn t cry anymore .
What was the score at halftime ?
Stay calm .
He was equal to the job .
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours .
He looks like a clever boy .
He was alone there .
I fear this work will take up most of my time .
I like Ozodbek s songs .
I ll stop speaking to you in French .
I m drunk but I can still speak German .
He took many pictures in London .
Come with us .
This website seems quite good .
 What s going on in the cave ? I m curious . I have no idea . 
What I m about to say is strictly between you and me .
It happened that he found the treasure .
Those records are not accessible to the public .
She is unable to withstand the pressure .
You live in Tokyo don t you ?
Every nation should help each other .
They went to Tottori .
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party .
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others .
Wild animals live in the forest .
Ken s dog is white .
You may call him a liar but you cannot call him a bad man .
By whom was this picture painted ?
He was at a loss for an answer .
Few things give us as much pleasure as music .
Did you make that mistake on purpose ?
It is necessary to take some exercise every day .
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading .
His sense of guilt was diminished .
I always say yes !
Today the temperature rose as high as degrees Celsius .
I generally agree with her .
Who would be its next victim ?
I can comfort her .
If you are to succeed you must start studying now .
Our plans are to advance toward the city .
When did you immigrate to our country ?
She ran as fast as possible .
This house is as large again as that one .
How handsome !
I caught him by the arm before he could fall .
Write your name and address on this envelope .
A man who asks his wife s permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband .
If you were stranded on a desert island what books would you want to have with you to read ?
There is a clock on the wall .
Have you ever seen Mt . Fuji ? It is beautiful beyond description .
With the money Mr Johnson had saved he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired .
I for one am for the plan .
You can count on her .
She carried that habit to her grave .
The homework was easily done .
Is there a shorter road to get there ?
Kelly cut physical education and went home .
My father repaired my old watch .
The situation went from bad to worse .
Here is the book you are looking for .
Michael this is the restaurant where your father and I had our first date .
Please .
It took us half an hour to set up the tent .
They arrived here safely yesterday .
Don t forget to put out the light before you go to bed .
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money .
If you do your best you will succeed .
The explanation is by no means satisfactory .
They congratulated us on our victory .
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food .
I can t afford to pay so much .
I cannot afford to pay so much .
I am going to see him today .
The bank was held up a week ago .
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements .
Fiona s letters were becoming less and less frequent .
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old .
That is because I got up late .
He told me not to tell lies .
Karaoke is good for reducing stress .
Some believe that the British Royal Family is directly descended from the line of King David .
The people whom I meet are kind .
I am used to sitting up late .
I didn t want to get up early .
He doesn t realise that he s tone deaf .
The number of the chairs in the hall is .
He seized me by the neck .
Experience is the best teacher .
I have ten pens .
He s always been living in Tokyo .
Each of us is like the moon there is a dark side of us that we do not let others see .
As long as you keep quiet you can stay here .
How old are you ?
Merry Christmas !
Happy Christmas !
It s so obvious we don t need proof .
I ll give you a painkilling injection .
Ask her how much soup she wants .
He himself did it .
All of them are not present .
He compared his car to the new model .
In the end we reached a compromise .
This water tastes good .
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them .
Yesterday was Sunday not Saturday .
I slept all day yesterday because it was Sunday .
The milk turned sour .
Our world is only a small part of the universe .
I wouldn t object if you wanted to go with her .
Don t worry . I have completely recovered .
Is there a mailbox near here ?
Put your hands down !
Which TV show do you like the most ?
Early explorers used the stars for navigation .
This is where I was born and brought up .
It s the law always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes .
 Yes Dima replied brushing off a piece of half eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve . I d like to buy that one there . 
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity .
Sorry I have a part time job tomorrow morning .
He s the chairman of the committee .
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars .
Did you bring your family with you ?
These are pens .
He was made captain .
Would you like some of those pictures ?
Let s stop off and see a movie .
Can you drive a manual transmission ?
She withdrew her head from a window .
Is his pulse regular ?
This law is applicable to all cases .
A theory must be followed by practice .
Let me remind you again that March st is the due date .
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement ?
They granted his request .
The doctor advised him to do more exercise .
There is too much acid in this orange .
Boston is too cold for me let alone Chicago .
I was writing a letter when he came .
I don t know what this symbol stands for .
More often than not she had to go in person .
He saved my life at the risk of his own .
By reading books and discussing concepts a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas .
Cathy please stay out of my way for a while .
I ve finally got the whole set !
She has a husband and two daughters .
Pretty good . Did you go to today s history seminar ?
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own .
This means nil .
I feel the want of money .
So was there a time when you were a wizard too ?
He could not get through his work though the examination was near .
He could not get through his work though the examination was near .
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again ?
Having met him before I recognized him at once .
That s something like a movie scenario .
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out what the heck is that ? 
If she was displeased she never showed it .
Their excuses were all alike .
It s not blood . It s beet .
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons .
There s an important difference between talking with someone and talking to them .
It s my brother s .
It belongs to my brother .
I telephoned her at once .
He made no progress in his speaking ability .
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash .
There was little traffic so we made good time on our trip to New York .
I will be happy to attend your party .
She has inherent dignity .
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public .
Peter s cottage is very big .
I really like him but not his circle of friends .
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request .
He wants affection .
I attached my name tag to my baggage but it soon came off .
We went on a picnic together .
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets .
That s my dictionary .
I noticed a note on my desk but I do not know who wrote it .
I was ill yesterday .
There are no chairs in this room .
I looked around me .
Why do you say that ?
We ate curry rice last night .
Could you exchange rooms with me ?
Please send me a letter .
He asked me two questions .
Answer my questions .
I like mathematics .
I am sick .
I m ill .
I m sick .
I was surprised at John s death .
Suddenly my feet stopped .
May I come in ?
He s a good person .
He is a good fellow .
He s a good guy .
He s a good man .
He s a good lad .
She looks unhappy .
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse .
This is a pencil .
We defeated the enemy .
I had some trouble in finding his house .
Nothing happened .
 This is the police . Would you mind coming down to the station ? W why ? You can t think it s not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town ? ! 
 Get rid of it of course ! answered the farmer .
 Fire ! he cried .
That is she is a poor dancer .
The difference is this he works harder than you .
He came home late last night .
They are leaving in three days that is to say June th .
He came home late last night .
He would like to take part in the competition .
We are in the era of atomic energy .
 Six pence per second Bob reminds her .
They can think and speak .
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon .
Every time it rains the roof leaks .
The bell rings at noon .
All my homework is done .
When will they arrive ?
She folded her baby in her arms .
I am quite all right now .
You ll never achieve anything if you don t study harder .
Everybody talks about the weather but nobody does anything about it .
That had not occurred to him before .
Seeing that he stood up .
She went there yesterday .
Mt . Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful .
I was greatly moved by her kindness .
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka . Will you accept the charge ?
We are to meet him at seven this evening .
That documentary about the environmental crisis was a real eye opener .
Christopher Columbus wasn t an explorer because he loved the sea . He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails .
I met Fred on the street .
My memory failed me . I just could not remember his name .
When will you be free ?
Who is the Administrative Assistant ?
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course .
I want beef too .
With all her merits she was not proud .
That requires careful consideration .
I am looking for an assistant .
These are people .
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake .
His death was broadcast all over the world .
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos .
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain .
I have a metal table .
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market .
He is rotten to the core .
They sued the government for damages .
Mass production reduced the price of many goods .
My plan is to buy a car .
You re barking up the wrong tree .
He s suffering from acute pain in his life .
He heh . . . there s a tale behind that for that place .
Life today is fast moving and complex .
I was left out in the cold by everyone .
 Do you really wish that ? asked the little white rabbit .
I excited her .
It exploded with a loud noise .
Where do you want to go ?
Where are you going ?
I like spring the best of the seasons .
I stood waiting for a bus .
Down fell the house a week later .
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning .
They went in opposite directions .
Let s try and swim against the current .
His advice counted for little .
The train is running fast .
With your approval I would like to offer him the job .
She came home very late .
I finished writing the letter by noon .
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble .
We study according to the schedule .
You have every reason to say so .
Do you enjoy plays films and such ?
I think that you do know about that .
My eyes are watering .
You will be able to see him tomorrow .
Ask your dad to help you .
This room is air conditioned .
This room has air conditioning .
Do you have anything for a cold ?
The man is loading the moving truck on his own .
My camera doesn t need to be fixed .
She pretended not to hear him yesterday .
Opinion is divided on this point .
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair .
My land abuts on the river .
I don t know what to do with that guy . No matter how mad I get at him he just takes it in stride and pays no attention .
Money takes a long time to earn but you can spend it in no time .
He has not only learning but experience .
I do not remember seeing the letter but perhaps I read it .
What did you go to Kyoto for ?
For a moment I forgot what her name was .
My father s hobby is fishing .
They killed time playing cards .
He came back last August .
This is beyond the scope of my imagination .
Let me think for a while .
The prisoner was brought before a judge .
Let me relieve you of your suitcase .
I think he s happy .
 Call up is a phrase that means to telephone .
Not knowing what to say he remained silent .
When I was in Salem I would often play tennis with John .
He would not agree to our proposal .
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily .
I like the old car more than the new .
The rumor was without foundation .
It s not worth remembering .
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight .
I think you re quite right .
She divorced her husband .
Don t keep your eyes on the ground look at me .
The house stands on the hill .
There s around billion people in the world .
She can wait till the cows come home but he ll never come back .
We have more customers than we can count .
The butler announced Mr . and Mrs . Smith .
You must do all you can lest you should regret later .
A great Empire like a great Cake is most easily diminished at the Edges .
I took it for granted that he would keep his word .
Japan is very subject to earthquakes .
He was tense with his new business .
We started a campaign against smoking .
She showed me her album .
Don t wake up the sleeping child .
At the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding .
This is a dog resembling a horse .
He has a habit of looking down on coloured people .
Once across the river you are safe .
Who are you waiting for ?
According to what she said he s culpable .
My father became old .
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse .
His father passed away last year .
What s your name ?
He might not have eaten for days .
It must be a very expensive restaurant !
It might be a wedding .
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat .
It must be a birthday cake !
The sentences Let s eat grandpa . and Let s eat grandpa . are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot .
That makes sense .
I hugged him tightly and cried .
I don t regret it .
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley .
Tonight in the night sky the stars are shining very brightly .
 Story ? the woman asked . What do you mean ? 
She wouldn t even piss on me if I were on fire .
She wouldn t even piss on me if I were on fire .
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg !
I wanted to phone you but I thought you wouldn t get it so I didn t phone you in the end .
Heroes always arrive late .
This might not be a genuine diamond .
When the landlord s away the tenants will play .
When the landlord s away the tenants will play .
How far is it from here to Ueno ?
He is able to speak five languages .
You will fail .
The moon is not a good place to live on .
In common with many people he likes holidays .
Does he have any brothers ?
He is familiar with Japanese culture .
We went out and never returned .
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available so it is impossible to repair it .
They say she and her husband can t agree on anything .
She will be glad if you go to see her in person .
I don t want to live alone .
He was appointed ambassador to Britain .
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality .
Shoppers crowded the streets .
I want to play the guitar .
It s about time you got the tea ready .
You used to be able to see the church from here .
Damn ! Swiss trains have everything !
I was unable to leave home last Saturday with my mother being ill .
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods .
Do you have something to say ?
Do you have something to say ?
He went to London where he stayed for a week .
Japan is not as big as Canada .
He is the father of three children .
I know her address .
A whale is a mammal .
Every time I read the Bible I am deeply moved .
I can t put up with him .
I can t stand him .
Take care not to catch a cold .
She thought that I was a doctor .
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country .
Long long ago there lived a pretty girl .
Was his story true ?
Was her story true ?
I think this medicine will do you good .
Didn t you lock up your car ?
Write your surname on the fourth line .
Please tell me your address .
You ll succeed if you try .
This is a book about stars .
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto .
One dollar is equivalent to yen .
My mother was up late last night .
The forest is teeming with monkeys .
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps .
They come from the south of France .
See you tonight ! See you soon !
Singing is her strong point .
Cheese is made from milk .
It is less cold today than it was yesterday .
He weighs a lot more than before .
He will have to go to the station .
They adopted the little girl .
You look very pale .
You are not a doctor .
You re not a doctor .
His name is not on the list .
The exact time is three now .
I m afraid you ll have to go in person .
The car is ready .
I don t go in for that sort of thing .
Kyoto is worth visiting .
This is the town where he was born .
I gave her a doll in return .
This ticket will admit two persons free .
Keep children away from the pond .
The man wore a mask of a tiger .
The sea is very wide .
Europeans like to drink wine .
I don t know who he is .
When was this temple built ?
It s a nice day isn t it ?
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment .
My father will retire at the age of sixty .
She asked me if anything was the matter .
I d like to attend the party .
They are jealous of our success .
You must keep quiet for a few days .
Your cake is delicious .
Your cake is delicious .
The room key please .
It is not the means which matters it is the end .
All at once he spoke out .
Is there anything you can do ?
May I try it on ?
She speaks a little Arabic .
Breakfast is ready .
I have no time .
We will visit our teacher next week .
A policeman was watching it with his arms crossed .
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate .
She kept me waiting for minutes .
She kept me waiting for half an hour .
She made me wait for half an hour .
She kept me waiting for minutes .
He was accused of murder .
You have only to push the button .
You can call me anytime you like .
It was nice meeting you here .
I know how old you are .
I got her to wash dishes .
He has not been to France .
Everybody loves his country .
He translated Homer from the Greek into English .
Ken was reading when I came home .
This tradition originates from China .
Marriage isn t really something that young people are interested in .
In fact he too loved her .
Please come as soon as possible .
He retired at the age of .
My father is in good health .
The girl doesn t like to play soccer .
Don t worry everything will be OK .
The committee consists of four members .
I feel fine .
How many friends do you have ?
How old is that painting ?
I can t believe he had the balls to ask the boss for a raise .
She asked him for help .
I went fishing last Monday .
As soon as she wakes up we ll turn on the music .
I want you to stay here until I get back .
Admission is free for children .
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them .
I am fed up with his behaviour .
I wash my hands before eating lunch .
David Beckham is English .
There are a lot of eggs in the box .
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto .
I spent the whole day in reading the novel .
I spent the whole day reading that novel .
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days ?
I can t go with you because I m very busy .
I m sorry I wasn t able to see you when you came by today .
He kept his promise and helped his brothers .
That dress looks good on you .
I listen to the radio after dinner .
My dad died before I was born .
I ve never heard of this actor .
I have never heard of this actor .
Do you have a table in the patio ?
Your father is Japanese .
Did you just get to know him ?
Where shall I wait for you ?
In comparison with Tokyo London is small .
Compared to Tokyo London is small .
Whom should I inform ?
Wait here for a while .
You must gather further information .
This apple is bad .
There is insufficient light to take pictures .
I like taking walks .
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him .
Many boys and girls were present .
He is married to an American lady .
This smell might come from the oven !
Do you have an e mail address ?
Is the system linear ?
We have the same problem .
Where is the vodka ?
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident .
He left the office in great haste .
I think it s better for us to adopt his plan .
The bus will take you to the center of the city .
Ken put his shirt on inside out .
You should apologize for your rudeness .
It is easy to talk .
He has been studying for two hours .
Please come again in three days time .
Answer me this .
I ve never been to New York and my sister hasn t either .
Where do I pay for the gas ?
We will begin the party when he comes .
I m the king of the world !
He endeavored to win the contest .
I like children . That s why I became a teacher .
This is what I can do for you .
Let s begin with this problem .
 Radioactivity is a chemistry term .
I have two brothers and three sisters .
She cannot write or read .
She looked well when I last saw her .
You must go outside if you want to smoke .
 You talk too much he said .
I have a lot of problems at the moment .
She decorated her room with roses .
I get dizzy spells when I stand up .
I am far from satisfied with the result .
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me .
I gave my mother carnations on Mother s Day .
Have you ever been to Mexico ?
I was given this watch by my uncle .
I don t like your going there by yourself .
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken .
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers .
George is very enthusiastic about his new job .
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job .
This dog is a mongrel .
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown .
The house I m living in isn t very large .
The bike parked over there is my brother s .
He decided not to go to the party .
Please feel free to call me up .
I lie on the grass .
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend .
She lost no time in reading a best selling novel .
This bus will take you to the museum .
Let s take it easy .
She writes a very good hand .
Today no one can imagine a life without television .
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him .
He belongs to the camera club .
They kept on feeling their way .
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths .
Our car is equipped with air conditioning .
You look very delighted .
If I had worked hard in my youth I would be successful now .
She went astray in the woods .
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box .
He took it literally .
My scalp is very itchy .
It was sensible of you to follow her advice .
To make matters worse it began snowing .
He is sometimes absent from school .
He seems to have told a lie .
The dog is blind in one eye .
She was prohibited from smoking .
I was at my wit s end when I heard the news .
I am tired nevertheless I must finish my homework .
Why is it important to know about a company s culture ?
I am waiting for the store to open .
Brush your teeth however sleepy you are .
Businesses often have a list of mission statements featured in their brochures on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees their clients and the public .
We bought a pound of tea .
There are some misprints but all in all it s a good book .
Our country s climate is temperate .
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview .
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter .
Mary is a very pretty girl .
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl .
If you need to use the services of a company you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them .
In this album all the sounds that you hear are really elaborate computer voices .
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship .
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper .
Don t interfere with matters that do not concern you !
Is that your car ?
When he writes he always keeps a dictionary at hand .
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the company s success or failure .
After all they came to terms with each other .
I can t help feeling sorry for him .
If you are not going to the concert then neither am I .
Something is stuck in the pipe .
When I was inside my mother s womb I looked through my mother s navel at the house where I would be born and I thought No way I m going there .
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor .
Science is still not capable of solving all of life s problems .
To better understand what a company s culture is you should consider the following points and see how the company deals with them .
Our team defeated our opponent .
World War I began in the year .
I m so tired .
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture .
Worrying doesn t take away tomorrow s concerns but it does take away today s power .
Many on line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive .
One of the major Internet search engines states that Fast is better than slow .
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients .
They also have You can be serious without a suit as one of their key beliefs .
I think you went too far .
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued communication is extremely important and traditional hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee .
That company hires people without regard to race religion or nationality .
Don t give up !
They bound the thief to a tree .
You may write in any language you want . On Tatoeba all languages are equal .
You may write in any language you want . On Tatoeba all languages are equal .
Mr Smith is a good teacher .
Unity justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune .
I only know him by name .
She finished her work an hour in advance .
He responded kindly to the question .
Could you teach me how to play the piano ?
He told me to do it so I did it .
I was vaccinated against the flu .
Give me something to do .
This table is made out of wood .
This table is wooden .
This table is made of wood .
This is a wooden table .
He is often absent from school .
He shared his box of biscuits with all his friends .
I could not keep the tears from my eyes .
Will you explain the rule to me ?
John has confidence in his ability .
He went to the store .
He refuses to believe us .
May I pay with a credit card ?
Tom helped me with the move .
Do you go often ?
The rumor turned out true .
I d like to go to France one day .
I bought a new television .
She laughed at the sight of his hat .
He was always as good as his word .
Your prophecy has come true .
They won t allow us to enter the garden .
Translation is like a woman . If it is beautiful it is not faithful . If it is faithful it is most certainly not beautiful .
I think you went too far .
The radio is a bit loud .
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow .
When he saw Jesus passing by he said . . .
What do you think of those Japanese writers ?
I don t know her nor do I want to .
Despite his riches he s not contented .
I want to sleep with your wife .
How much do I owe you ?
He s my neighbour .
He is my neighbour .
He is proud that his father was a great scientist .
One fifth of the earth s surface is covered by permafrost .
Yes as far as I know .
Who runs faster Ken or Tony ?
Please don t forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it .
Do you think I m joking ?
The next train arriving at platform will depart for Shibuya at pm .
He backed us up during that incident .
If you would move over there would be room for everyone .
There is no use in making excuses .
I got tired with the work .
Can t you get by on your salary ?
Did Paula study for today s test ?
Where did you buy the shoes ?
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers .
The grass sprouts all over the garden .
It s wasteful to leave the land lying idle .
A fire broke out the day before yesterday .
Get off the lawn !
Rousseau was mad but influential Hume was sane but had no followers .
He is apt to be late .
He used to be an imaginative boy .
Can you arrange for a night tour bus ?
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark .
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place .
Ten to one it ll clear up in an hour or so .
Birds build nests of twigs .
I went into the navy .
Traffic is a major urban problem .
Miyazaki is not what it used to be .
Do you speak Chinese well ?
His life after retirement was unhappy .
I got married ten years ago .
They have the same habits .
I think she will divorce him .
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin .
He crossed the river in a small boat .
The jacket which I wanted costed three hundred dollars .
Is this snake safe to touch ?
How long will it stop there ?
In crossing the street you must watch out for cars .
He got wet from the waist to the knees .
He taught us that Columbus discovered America .
Please show me your stamp album .
Add a little milk .
Does she know your telephone number ?
Are you writing a letter ?
Read as much as possible .
That s bullshit !
That s shit !
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members .
This is Tony s book .
This book is Tony s .
This book belongs to Tony .
How can I get to the police station ?
I had an accident at work .
The area of the factory is square meters .
It won t take long to finish the job .
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that .
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December .
You must pay in advance .
My dad s name is Fritz .
An hexagon has six sides .
It is more blessed to give than to receive .
He was the last but two to arrive .
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better .
Where did you get your camera repaired ?
They had a good command of French .
She has a little bread .
We closed the discussion .
There is not much traffic on this road .
You should tell the truth .
This sofa can seat three people easily .
Water is liquid . When it freezes it becomes solid .
They have mutual respect .
You ll be able to see the difference very easily .
You ll be able to see the difference very easily .
When I opened the door I found him asleep .
He prefers poetry to fiction .
He is no fool .
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive .
Jane is not able to swim .
She was a genius in mathematics .
I don t recommend eating in that restaurant . The food is awful .
There s no mistake .
He is very good at poker .
Air is to us what water is to fish .
I feel relieved .
Rub salt in the wound .
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms .
Refugees poured in from all over the country .
He is our teacher of English .
He s our English teacher .
I really need a drink now .
He came in spite of the heavy snow .
Your tooth must be extracted .
A dog was run over by a truck .
Has anybody here been to Hawaii ?
Where can I buy tickets ?
Spell your name please .
Please spell your name .
I ll keep that book for myself .
How much does the wooden chair cost ?
That car is the most beautiful of the three .
I may win if I have luck .
His shirt was stained with sauce .
She declared that she was not guilty .
The house stood out because of its unusual shape .
The boy has been absent from school for eight days .
We were deeply moved by her story .
I can t concentrate on my work because of the noise .
Sometimes I have to read boring novels .
He is an aggressive person .
I usually eat out .
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel .
Ha this work finished ! Let s go to next stage !
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one way street .
Click the picture to go to the next page !
Bringing up a baby is hard work .
How often do you wash your car a month ?
The barometer is falling . It is going to rain .
Someone is standing behind the wall .
My son is going to leave for France next week .
The temperature has suddenly dropped .
In the city the information is flooding .
Speaking English is useful .
My father is a doctor .
Give me the same please .
Tell him where he should go .
I like dogs and my sister likes cats .
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform .
Dad said he d be promoted to section manager next year .
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon .
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter .
Who is your teacher ?
I don t want to be involved in that matter .
I heard the telephone ringing .
He lost his eyesight .
Mary can swim .
You should acknowledge your failure .
He zipped his bag shut .
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U .S . ?
Her father is tall .
Her writing is very good .
You should learn from his example .
He pretends to be gay .
The trouble is that I can t remember where I parked the car .
You re one of them too aren t you ? !
Soldiers are used to danger .
Where s your father ?
Ellen does not speak English .
Pretty soon you will stop thinking of her .
How I wished I could drive a car !
Aoi dances .
I m Tom Hunter .
His joke was great .
Do you know who painted this picture ?
She didn t give me my money back .
His success is out of question .
He applied himself to the study of music .
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music .
He has a remarkable aptitude for music .
He has gone to Italy to study music .
He likes both music and sports .
He is playing music .
He was listening to music .
He wrote a letter listening to music .
He went to Italy in order to study music .
He knows almost nothing about that animal .
Going out in this rain is out of the question .
Don t bother coming in this rain .
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain .
This drink is on the house .
You are always to knock before entering my room .
You are always to knock before you come into my room .
Don t come into my room .
My apartment is on the fourth floor .
My room is just below .
My room is just above .
My room is very small .
My room is very untidy . I must put it in order .
My room is three times as large as yours .
My room is comfortable if it is a little small .
My room is an inviolable refuge .
My room looks out on the street .
My room faces the garden .
My room faces east .
As my room faces south it is not so cold even in winter .
How long did they live in England ?
My room faces south which makes it sunny and very comfortable .
My room is upstairs on the left .
My room is twice as big as his .
I ll show you my room .
May I see the room please ?
I have all suits made to order .
My clothes were dirty with oil .
Mine is not so good as yours .
Her only hobby is collecting stamps .
I often read books .
As she s a very practical person she often fixes her friends cars .
When my brother was young I often used to take him to the park .
If I had the money I would often go out and have fun .
As soon as I have a dog I ll start going for walks frequently .
He s not a big drinker but his friends all like to drink so he often gets drunk .
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly .
I have asked him .
An earthquake . on the Richter scale hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami .
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns .
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan .
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan .
We are all praying for Japan .
Let s take up the second problem shall we ?
It is no use looking for the cake I already ate it .
Great weather isn t it ?
This is my car .
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal .
I do not drink coffee .
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music .
After the incident I came to have a higher opinion of him .
Come in the door s open .
Make your choice .
My uncle has a flower shop near the station .
Sorry to be late .
We walked more quickly than usual .
Arabia abounds in oil .
Is there a doctor on board ?
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed .
Nobody can deny that the prisoner is guilty .
Humility often achieves more than pride .
That s bullshit !
That s bullshit !
That s bullshit !
Human pride is human weakness .
It s five and you re still not in bed ! You just came back from the bar didn t you ?
Even though he s got a lot of girlfriends he s still not a player .
It s my bad .
There are times when I find you really interesting .
He always imposes his opinion on me .
One day Natsume Soseki was lost in London .
 Do you think he will come ? I hope not . 
What s the program for tomorrow ?
 Is he going to swim tomorrow ? Yes he is . 
 Who is he ? He is Jim . 
 Is he right ? I don t think so . 
 Will he succeed ? I fear not . 
 Is he by the car ? No he is in the car . 
 Will he pass the examination ? I am afraid not . 
 He d like to have a coffee after work . I would too . 
 Did he write a letter yesterday ? Yes he did . 
 Does he like music ? Yes he does . 
Speaking English is very difficult for me .
She speaks English better than any of her classmates .
Don t be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English .
It is not difficult to speak English .
I found it easy to speak English .
I discovered that speaking English was pretty easy .
You speak good English .
Speaking English is not easy .
To speak English is not easy .
Speaking English is difficult .
Is it hard to speak English ?
To speak English is not easy but it is interesting .
When the heater in the barn fails you get milk flavoured ice cubes .
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night all the farmers are woken up .
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low there probably is a twister .
When the chickens are flat as pancakes then again the tractor must have been faster than them .
I will never force you to marry him .
If you find a bad wife and get married to her then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later .
People grow more cynical with age .
There are many ways to improve one s life .
The two of us are still rather young and so we don t have this kind of problem .
If you have hope then you ll certainly find happiness and will become a role model for others as well .
To be honest I ve gradually come to dislike the life here .
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level !
 You Sir are an imperialist ! And you Sir are a troll . 
What did Brainless and Unhappy do ?
Open Sesame !
Don t exceed the speed limit .
Don t go above the speed limit .
We ran after the cat .
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states .
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba ?
I can t afford a new car this year .
The floor was covered with blood .
Fish have stopped living in this river .
Abraham Lincoln the th president of the United States was born in a log cabin in Kentucky .
I ve had a good sleep .
He is better than anyone else .
It is important for old people to stay strong .
She greeted me with a smile .
Speak the truth even if your voice shakes .
Those good for nothing layabouts were sacked .
I was just going to write a letter .
He will not be able to do the work .
I m not in the least bit happy now .
There was a cold wind blowing from the north .
It is hard for me to believe this .
How about for tomorrow ?
This book is new .
This book s new .
Jim works hard but John is idle .
That animal feeds on flesh .
He bought a ticket for Paris .
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor s birthday .
We cannot overestimate the value of health .
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school .
This is the only book I have .
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold .
This car is very economical on gas .
Music gratifies the ears .
The President spoke to the nation on TV .
Please find a solution to the problem .
The elevator seems to be out of order .
Please call the fire department .
He ll come on foot or by bicycle .
I bought two tickets for a concert .
Did he succeed in the examination ?
This writer is Russian .
I don t see what he says .
I don t understand what he said .
He decided not to buy the house because in the first place it was too expensive and in the second place it was too far from his office .
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me .
I asked Tom to play the guitar .
Today we can go to distant countries easily by plane .
She took me for my brother .
The shell of an egg is easily broken .
I was never so humiliated in my life .
I met the prince himself .
London was a city built for the horse .
Children depend on their parents for food clothing and shelter .
His methods are not scientific .
My sister has made remarkable progress in English .
I like watching Code Lyoko .
She left her son a lot of money .
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology .
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery .
The whole family was sick in bed .
The baby smiled at me .
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra ?
I have an egg .
Please take more care in the future .
You re sick !
I ll be sixteen in September .
Well do I remember the man s name .
He is beginning to lose his hair .
I know who lives in this house .
He thinks he knows everything .
Formerly this building was a hospital .
How shameful !
Shame on you !
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party .
Don t throw anything onto the floor .
Seeing me she was embarrassed .
My father is in the garden .
My father s in the garden .
This house is not for sale .
She asked me for help .
Would you like to have a drink before dinner ?
It is me that is wrong .
It s my bad .
It is blowing very hard .
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation .
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world .
You re very sexy .
She ordered the book from London .
These pearls are genuine not artificial .
Pretend you re me .
In various Turkish restaurants shishkabob is the main food .
How fast you walk !
Please reconfirm the reservation by March .
What goes around comes around .
I don t have the slightest idea .
I don t know where we ll arrive .
I didn t know what to say .
I can t say for sure .
I don t know for certain .
You don t understand .
They re taking us for cash cows .
What you re saying isn t logical .
He can t answer their questions .
I ve no way of telling whether or not what he says is true .
I want you to commit seppuku .
Elephants are several times the size of mice .
I don t have any money and I don t have any friends either .
Nicole can speak Japanese very well .
She looks happy but deep down she suffers .
I ve boldfaced the articles that I found interesting .
All he thinks about is himself .
Hit me .
The consequences of Sendai s earthquake were dreadful !
We ought to obey the law .
We knew it all along .
They forgave him for his crimes .
That man stole my wallet .
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow .
Because it is there .
Because it is there .
His encounter with her is enriching his inner life .
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives for it does not contradict Scripture .
They are all artless children .
They are all innocent children .
They are all innocent children .
I don t want to hear any more excuses .
This desk cost me no less than yen .
Tell me the right answer to it .
Tell me the correct answer .
I ll be staying here for another three days .
I d like to buy menu of the day .
Will you permit me to go there ?
Hurry up and you will be in time for the bus .
Yes this one is very nice . How much does it cost ?
It is I that am bad .
What time do you go home ?
The majority of people marry sooner or later .
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries .
This clock loses three minutes a day .
Evidently it s going to rain tomorrow .
I have to take my medicine every six hours .
His word is law .
He looked young beside his brother .
It is becoming warmer day by day .
This is the best restaurant I know of .
I need to study math .
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers .
Kill two birds with one stone .
The rest follows naturally .
Who is playing the piano ?
Every one of his songs was a hit .
Every one of her songs was a hit .
I sat between Tom and John .
Give it to them .
Your turn to split !
Once he had written the letter he sent it .
Would you please replace the broken one promptly ?
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house .
The shadow of the stick is visible .
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake .
Why did you turn down his offer ?
The days are getting longer and longer .
I slapped his face .
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings .
She warmed herself by the fire .
That house belongs to him .
That house is very small .
The house is haunted .
He fell in love with her at first sight .
 Have you seen my cell phone ? It s on the table . 
When she was in Los Angeles she had at least six different jobs .
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train .
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train .
A friend of mine is studying abroad .
You must control yourself .
You look happy today .
What woke you up ?
You can swim can t you ?
You should know it .
Why can t you come ?
Have you finished it ?
Do you have one ?
You are always complaining .
I admire you for your courage .
I admire your courage .
Write your address here .
Are your hands clean ?
Where are your things ?
Your English is improving .
I want your opinion .
Your plan sounds great .
Here is your bag .
You deserve the prize .
You really are hopeless .
I don t blame you .
Take off your socks please .
I m a free man .
Don t worry about me .
Let me handle this .
I can t do it .
Study hard and you ll succeed .
I d rather go swimming .
I ll get some glasses .
Five gallons of regular please .
Read it once more please .
I m about ready .
Leave my camera alone .
Pass me the butter please .
It was really cheap .
It is really cheap .
Who does Toshio like ?
I m just looking thank you .
Turn on the light please .
It s on the sofa .
This chair is ugly .
Is this your car ?
This wasn t cheap was it ?
Are you all ready ?
The bath is ready .
I m counting on you .
Sit wherever you like .
He shot at me .
You talk too much .
I ll think it over .
I m on a diet .
Yesterday was my birthday .
Give me some milk too .
I m thinking about you .
I ll join you later .
I m thinking about you .
I worry about him .
I ve climbed Mt . Fuji twice .
I have never climbed Mt . Fuji .
I ve never climbed Mt . Fuji .
It s time to go .
It s time to go .
I m sorry but it s impossible .
Even if we don t get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant .
I can t find any logic to English spelling . Ghoti can be pronounced as fish . 
Hemingway had a poor writing style .
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays .
Don t worry ! Even if I drink it doesn t have an effect on my driving .
I m not a sentence . I should be deleted from Tatoeba .
When you want to say I promise if you say koko ni chikaimasu you ll sound more like a native .
The Netherlands have won the World Cup .
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union .
Let s call the dog Skipper .
The dog went away .
Who could melt that stone heart of yours ?
Do you need an ambulance ?
You have to be patient .
I need to get a stamp .
I need a stamp .
I need to get some stamps .
You don t need to hurry .
I will go with you if necessary .
I have to get some sleep .
Children need a lot of sleep .
The school needed a new teacher .
You didn t need to buy the book .
She cannot do without her car .
She cannot do without her car .
You don t need to carry lunch with you .
If you don t want to go you don t need to .
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park . I have to buy one .
Hey you there !
I m not a university student but I m brighter than them .
I will sue you .
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward .
Zeal for your house will consume me .
He came to that which was his own but his own did not receive him .
Hide not your light under a bushel .
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit .
I made him sweep the floor .
He is popular among his colleagues .
News of the recent blast is all over the radio .
I like this scene in particular .
Yesterday we had a blast !
An icy blast of wind cut me to the bone .
A blast of cold air swept through the house .
I am going to stay here for a couple of days .
Life being very short we ought not to waste time .
This photo takes me back to my childhood .
What have you done with my pen ? It was here a minute ago .
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming .
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money .
How large is the audience ?
Me too .
Me too .
You ll get a lot of presents on your birthday .
Nobody knows where he has escaped to .
I have no intention of telling you the result .
I would like to travel alone .
My brother sent me a letter last week .
He was attracted by her smile .
A mugger robbed him of all of his money .
I have never seen a red refrigerator .
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company .
This is the place where the incident happened .
He always tells the truth .
I returned the knife which I had borrowed .
I gave her her dictionary back .
The rain is beating against the windows .
She is interested in learning new ideas .
You may choose whichever you want .
He had decided on a new policy .
I ll give you anything but this .
They don t always obey their parents .
You may choose whichever book you like .
You may choose any book you like .
You may choose what you like .
He decided to quit smoking .
I ll wait here until she comes .
You may choose any of them .
He may be on the next train .
We may be late for school .
He may be jogging around the park .
You may as well come with me .
They married when they were young .
She is married to an American .
She is married to a foreigner .
The knife is not sharp .
The matter is all settled .
The king governed the country .
The king crushed his enemies .
The Joneses love their daughter .
The job offer still stands .
Welcome back . We missed you !
Welcome back . We missed you !
I have to hurry !
The firm went under due to lack of capital .
The job is half done .
The jet landed at Tokyo .
Do you live with your parents ?
Just as the body needs exercise so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy .
He has traveled around the world in eighty days by himself .
Speaking of Mr . Tanaka have you seen him lately ?
I m sorry but I can t hear you well .
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly ?
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo .
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto .
The end does not always justify the means .
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York .
The policeman took the thief by the arm .
My father insisted on our waiting for the train .
Would you please explain the rules to me ?
I ve been coming to work one train earlier lately .
A tsunami is coming so please be on the alert .
Are you all listening to me ?
She always believes me .
I am ready to do anything for you .
Open the door please .
I m fine .
It s a piece of cake .
I really need to read all this .
The Japanese have dark eyes .
No that s not right . You have to set equal to .
Their son s name is John .
Their losses reached one million yen .
My sister married her high school classmate .
Their house is being remodeled .
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems .
Will six o clock suit you ?
Is o clock OK ?
Their cattle are all fat .
Their boy was named Edward .
The investigation is under way .
In case of emergency call .
Come on try again .
His daughter has become a pretty woman .
What made her so angry ?
All their secrets have been revealed .
All their efforts were in vain .
His second son married and settled down .
Birds build nests .
She married again in her mid forties .
She married a rich old man .
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June .
Mother Nature is generous .
Why are you angry ?
Patience is not my fort .
We managed to swim across the river .
I managed to make him understand it .
She lives in a huge house .
My brother lives in a small village .
He managed to make both ends meet .
He lives in a cozy little house .
She managed to keep up appearances .
The reservation is already made .
I managed to get there in time .
I do not know the train schedules could you find out for me ?
A massive earthquake of magnitude . hit the Japanese islands today .
I married when I was years old .
She was so curious that she opened the box .
At first I thought they were sick .
I invited him to the party and he accepted .
Will you have time to have lunch with me ?
I m not absolutely sure .
Tom married an older girl .
If he had taken his doctor s advice he might still be alive .
I met him on my way home .
I do not like tea so I generally drink coffee for breakfast .
I d like a hotel reservation .
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki ?
Please get me hotel security .
My baggage is missing .
I have mislaid my baggage .
I lost my luggage .
I m glad to see you back .
I m glad to see you back .
Good question !
The film lasted hours .
Please write back soon .
Remember me to your parents .
That guitar is so expensive that I can t buy it .
Ah when will they meet again ?
What a surprise !
I remember the first time .
Bring your children along .
I m at the airport now .
Nothing is missing .
Parents love their children .
Switch off the light . I can t get to sleep .
Switch on the light . I can t see anything .
I will not do it again .
Bring him in .
I m sure that she will come back soon .
Show me another example .
See you tomorrow at the library .
You ll get lost .
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it s easy to carry .
He has poor eyesight .
What s new ?
Anything new ?
What is new ?
It began to snow .
What do I have to do now that I m registered ?
I d rather not say .
I d prefer not to say .
I d rather die than marry you !
It s really unfortunate . You don t understand at all its essence .
He d prefer to go on Friday .
How come are you still not sleeping ?
Would you rather lie than make him angry ?
I d rather not sleep and finish reading this book .
I d rather have no money but find love .
I d rather skip school and play video games .
Is he a teacher ?
I live in Tokyo .
My eyes are blue .
Our school is ten minutes walk from here .
This house belongs to Mr Yamada .
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East .
He s a Parisian .
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous .
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane .
His own survival is more important now .
We should cancel the hike .
We managed to get some foreign stamps .
I had bought it the week before .
She managed to drive a car .
No one man could do it .
This hut is a very special place .
I put the money into the safe .
He is one of my neighbors .
She is making progress with her English .
I m sorry I was so rude .
I put it in the drawer .
He is making preparations for a trip .
The scenery was beautiful beyond description .
He is making great progress in English .
I prefer working to doing nothing .
I prefer to travel by air .
This process has a lot of inconveniences .
Ken makes his own bed every morning .
I m not accustomed to such treatment .
I m very worried about my weight .
Tom started the engine .
He cut the envelope open .
John makes fun of his dog .
He makes friends with everybody he meets .
He makes the most of his opportunities .
We make milk into cheese and butter .
May I speak to you a minute ?
You make me feel so guilty .
An elephant has a long nose .
She kept the secret to herself .
Ten houses were burned down .
I m not about to ask him .
They make good use of their rooms .
We make milk into cheese and butter .
I make a point of being punctual .
I ran away in a hurry .
I majored in philosophy at my university .
You are selling him short .
You ve got a lot of guts .
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick .
She has already lived in that town for five years .
She was crying for a toy .
I saw an old woman cross the street .
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut .
Go easy on the beer !
I had to change my plans .
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter .
I m too sleepy to do my homework .
You d better wear a sweater under your jacket .
I kept the I found in the street .
I was late for school on account of an accident .
There are seven men and four women in my section .
He went back to the store .
Can I ask you a question ?
You can get from Washington to New York by train .
New York is accessible by train from Washington .
Would you mind coming with me ?
He is a Hongkonger .
Marco thinks he writes well .
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth .
It seems that you are not having a good time here .
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names .
She seemed to have been ill .
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected .
I went there yesterday .
Good to see you .
Did you drive her home last night ?
The river is the widest in Europe .
It s .
There s nothing better than taking a nice walk .
I have just come back from school .
Dreams can make me mad .
She stopped to smoke a cigarette .
My sister has a nice piano .
Our true nationality is mankind .
Russians never smile .
His son s criminal activities caused him great pain .
Must I stay in bed ?
Where do you watch television ?
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan .
She need not have done the work .
I m suffering from a bad headache .
I majored in chemistry at the university .
I majored in American literature at college .
They made us work all night .
I m looking for an old man .
He could not breathe deeply .
They made us work all day long .
They made us work all day .
He couldn t get the job .
The worst is over .
I ran as fast as possible .
I ran a race with him .
We go to the same school .
The teacher made us repeat the word .
They made up and became friends again .
They made their way toward the town .
If you don t make the promise then I ll just stand by and watch .
He collected bits of information .
Even though someone came she still remained uneasy .
We must not break our promise .
I prefer red wine to white .
They made their way through the crowd .
There are more clouds today than yesterday .
They made their way across the river .
Sam made the school basketball team .
She made the same mistake as before .
We go to school by bus .
She made the same mistake again .
I m too busy to help him .
He came back from America .
He came to see me .
Put in a little more sugar .
She is very pretty .
Hey ! There s an American who speaks Uyghur here ! Hurry up and get over here to inspect his computer !
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours do you think ?
They made the novel into a drama .
I m so proud of my boys .
I had a little fever this morning .
I ve got blisters on my feet .
I work for a bank .
We made the most of the opportunity .
I m really concerned about your future .
Would you like some scrambled egg ?
I ve never seen a live whale .
I m not used to spicy food .
He made the most of his opportunity .
He made the most of his opportunities .
She made the doll for me .
An electric current can generate magnetism .
You go to school don t you ?
He made the best of the opportunity .
They made straight for their destination .
We made statues out of wood .
Could you shut the door ?
He knows how to captivate his audience .
You d better go home .
You should begin with easier questions .
We should call the doctor .
We should call the police .
We had an unpleasant experience there .
I had been reading for an hour .
She had an appointment with the doctor .
I made several mistakes in the exam .
I had a very good time today .
We had a welcome party for her .
We had an early lunch at school .
She had already gone when I arrived .
I had a terrible dream last night .
I had a tennis match with him .
We had a stopover in Chicago .
She had a vague feeling of guilt .
I had a telephone call from her .
I had a telephone call from her .
He had a second helping of soup .
We had a rest in the shade .
We had a slight difference of opinion .
They had a rest for a while .
I had a nice chat with her .
We had a party last night .
I had a pleasant dream last night .
The boy had a red face .
They had a lovely time together .
We had a kid just last year .
We had a lot of furniture .
We had a late lunch at two .
We had a late lunch at two .
We had a heavy rain last night .
We had a heavy rainfall last night .
We had a heavy frost this morning .
We had a heavy frost this morning .
We had a heated discussion about it .
We had a heavy fog in London .
He is my father .
This is my daughter .
How old is your son ?
Please shave my beard .
It is pleasant to shave off my beard .
The beard does not make the philosopher .
I know that German with a long beard .
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous .
In the near future we may have a big earthquake in Japan .
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake .
According to some scholars a major earthquake could occur at any moment now .
Bill kept on crying for hours .
I talk to myself .
I want to buy a cheap dictionary .
I am not a witch .
Your nickname is quite lovely .
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence .
I want to be you .
I want to be you .
I prefer cats to dogs .
She was on the verge of crying .
The buildings look so tiny .
Tiny particles in the air can cause cancer .
I have hiccups .
I hiccup a lot .
I often hiccup .
I am not a witch .
The prosecutor asked me a leading question .
The bill amounted to dollars .
One who has everything can lose everything .
Let s sit on the grass .
As far as I know he did nothing wrong .
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life .
I m a poor student and I can t pay you .
Every dog is a lion at home .
I spilled my coffee on the carpet .
We should call the police .
I could answer all the questions .
Don t tell lies .
Don t you lie !
I don t want him to touch me .
I was surprised by his perseverance .
I have been living in Canada for almost five years .
I need something for an adult .
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces .
If human life is convex we can optimize it .
That s the thing about people who think they hate computers . What they really hate is lousy programmers .
You ll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth .
Be quiet . The kids are asleep .
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you .
You are the man I ve been looking for .
Love makes the world go round .
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date .
Love and cough cannot be hidden .
Every time I fall in love Dad tells me the girl is my half sister .
Love is giving something one doesn t have .
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday .
He took us back in his car .
She s violent right now . It d be better to avoid her .
Why don t you come dancing with me ?
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness .
Love me little love me long .
Would you like me to see you home ?
If you bite me I ll bite back .
He picked flowers for her .
It s rare to meet nice people like you .
The sound of your voice is like a siren s song to me .
Here is a letter for you .
Don t worry about the past .
You may sit wherever you like .
I can t say .
Why me ?
How dare you say that !
Why not ?
Try it once again .
Why were you late ?
Say it in another way .
These products are of the same quality .
I will give you this book .
This tape recorder is not new .
She is very pretty .
We stayed overnight in Hakone .
It is no use asking him again .
He plays very well .
He plays very well .
They set out on a picnic .
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy .
Give me the key to this castle !
This is my mother .
Translate the following sentences into Japanese .
These flowers bloom earlier than others do .
Lincoln s parents remained poor all their lives .
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer .
Those trains run every three minutes .
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital .
Well let s get the ball rolling .
Pour melted butter over the popcorn .
Only one person survived the accident .
It seems less crowded during the week .
After several delays the plane finally left .
Put the following sentences into English .
It can be used as a knife .
Not everyone can be a poet .
Watch out ! There s a big hole there .
A parrot can mimic a person s voice .
Modern ships only need a small crew .
Turn the radio down a little .
After the revolution France became a republic .
Wait till the light turns green .
One after another the animals died .
Shortly after the accident the police came .
Wine made here is very famous .
Movie making is an exciting job .
A plane is flying above the city .
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions .
My daughter loves jumping rope .
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive .
There s a hotel across the street .
There s a pub just around the corner .
Leave a space between the lines .
Spring is just around the corner .
It is no use arguing about it .
It is no use worrying about it .
All the world speaks English .
English is studied all over the world .
It is ten degrees below zero now .
Ueno is the station after next .
To live without air is impossible .
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food .
Japanese history is my favorite subject .
Putting ideas into practice is difficult .
Japan is an extremely noisy country .
Naoki is as old as Kaori .
It is clear what must be done .
Kobe is famous as a port city .
Karuizawa is famous as a summer resort .
Winter is just around the corner .
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
Watching TV is a passive activity .
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes .
Take things a little more seriously .
Put some salt into the boiling water .
Learning a foreign language is difficult .
Kate s father walks home from the station .
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad .
Smoke is rising from the chimney .
Read Lesson from the beginning .
Keep oil away from the fire .
Water poured from the broken pipe .
Pale ale is a low alcohol beer .
A cafeteria is a self service style restaurant .
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman .
Rome is a city worth visiting .
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake .
One of my pleasures is watching TV .
All of a sudden the sky became dark .
A panel of experts discussed the plan .
A string of disasters struck the region .
In the case of fire dial .
Tom s uncle keeps a lot of sheep .
Keep away from the electrical equipment .
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A .
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks .
Here is a basket full of vegetables .
Safety is the most important thing .
One of them is a spy .
It is essentially a question of time .
Skating is one of my hobbies .
Attack is the best form of defense .
Shakespeare is the name of a writer .
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan .
All of a sudden it began raining .
Leave the room as it is .
It s about the size of an egg .
There s an outside chance of winning .
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks .
In case of emergency call the police .
In case of fire push the button .
In case of fire ring the bell .
UFO stands for unidentified flying object .
Ten teams competed for the prize .
Translate the passage word for word .
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty .
Water evaporates when it is heated .
It s getting cloudy . It may rain soon .
Get it done as soon as possible .
All of a sudden it became cloudy .
Kobe is famous for its port .
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty .
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles .
Japan is famous for Mt . Fuji .
There is no cause for complaint .
Susan made a dress for Jill .
There s no membership fee for joining .
Miyuki set the table for the party .
UN stands for the United Nations .
It s almost time for the cherry blossoms .
Take care of Mr . Tanaka for me !
There s enough time for a quick snack .
Wait for a moment outside the room .
Mathematics is an easy subject for me .
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture .
London is famous for its fog .
Kyoto is famous for its old temples .
I beg you .
The conference will be held in a specially selected church .
I am online .
Please do not open the windows .
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy .
As this is a cascade with multiple layers it shouldn t be surprising that it s slow .
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba you should go ahead and blame Sysko .
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months .
The construction straddled two centuries .
He is a stickler for principles .
My interest quickened .
It is an endangered species .
It is an endangered species .
I am interested in English .
The room smelled of tobacco .
The room smelled of tobacco .
Get up !
There are many earthquakes in Japan .
How much is that mountain bike ?
Clean the window with a damp cloth .
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience .
Wait until the light changes to green .
Amy walks to the station every morning .
What to do next is the question .
Sulfur burns with a blue flame .
Some furniture is put together with glue .
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings .
Mix the flour with two eggs .
It soon began to rain very hard .
It s still too early to get up .
Throw the ball back to me .
Move the chair nearer to the desk .
Take the elevator to the fifth floor .
Turn the key to the right .
Try to avoid making any more trouble .
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps .
Keep to the left when driving .
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars .
It is wrong to tell a lie .
Suddenly it started to rain very hard .
Amy made an effort to stand up .
There s narrow road to the village .
There s no chair to sit upon .
There s no need to get so angry .
There s no need to speak so loud .
It s only two miles to the village .
Picasso s paintings seem strange to me .
Stock prices plunged to a record low .
It is impossible to live without water .
It is no use trying to escape .
Flying is the quickest way to travel .
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto .
Hokkaido is to the north of Sendai .
It is too hot to stay here .
Salt helps to preserve food from decay .
Nick hurried to catch the bus .
It s important to follow a strict diet .
It is absolutely impossible to do so .
Mathematics is basic to all sciences .
Math is fundamental to any science .
It is difficult to speak Chinese well .
It is difficult to speak three languages .
It is hard to maintain one s reputation .
It is important to help each other .
It s against the law to carry weapons .
It s an hour s walk to the station .
Soldiers barred the way to the city .
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident .
It s dangerous to fool around with electricity .
It s eight miles from here to London .
In general consumers prefer quantity to quality .
Eating habits differ from country to country .
There s only one store on the island .
Pay the cashier on the way out .
Put the gun on the table .
Take the road on the left .
Take the road on the right .
New York is on the Hudson River .
Such a plan is bound to fail .
Some abstract art is difficult to understand .
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil .
Japan depends on imports for raw materials .
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry .
School finishes before noon on Saturdays .
A fly can walk on the ceiling .
Kyoko is lying on the grass .
Put it back on the desk .
Save it on the external hard drive .
Not all of us can speak English .
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch .
Any one of us could do it .
Grandmother sent us a box of apples .
Tell us what to do next .
There s a big fly on the ceiling .
Stick a notice on the board .
Stick a stamp on the envelope .
Stick another stamp on the envelope .
School begins on April the tenth .
Strictly speaking the earth is not round .
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio .
Rice is sold by the kilogram .
Fish is sold by the pound here .
It is ten o clock by my watch .
Lightning is usually followed by thunder .
Pull the plant up by the roots .
Try to lose weight by jogging .
Be sure to pick up some milk .
Pick up the pencil from the floor .
Trees do not grow on prairies .
Wealth does not always bring us happiness .
Speaking foreign languages is not easy .
Honesty is not always the best policy .
It is not easy to train dogs .
There s not a moment to waste .
It s not a road but a path .
It s not a suitable topic for discussion .
Lie down and rest for a while .
Bill got mad and called Dick names .
Life is full of ups and downs .
Life is not all fun and games .
Turn the knob and open the door .
Walk two blocks and turn left .
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk .
To be always honest is not easy .
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure .
Shut all the doors and windows .
Go and buy three bottles of coke .
Try and do better next time .
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy .
California and Nevada border on each other .
Animals cannot exist without air and water .
Speak clearly and make yourself heard .
God created the heaven and the earth .
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets .
Lie down and make yourself comfortable .
A Japanese wouldn t do such a thing .
Only Takeuchi didn t accept the invitation .
Ming wasn t dancing with Masao then .
It s okay to take it easy sometimes .
Rain prevented us from taking a walk .
Just take my word for it .
Let them take care of themselves .
Bill took the blame for the loss .
Take a deep breath and then relax .
Trim the fat off the meat .
Take the pan off the fire .
A fire broke out after the earthquake .
A fire broke out during the night .
Never forget to put out the fire .
Soldiers must carry out their orders .
Watch out for thieves around here .
Ten prisoners broke out of jail .
Tommy couldn t answer the last question .
Harry couldn t keep up with the class .
Just put yourself in my shoes .
Weeds sprang up in the garden .
School starts in September in Europe .
All the flowers in the garden withered .
World War II ended in .
There wasn t a soul in sight .
There weren t any roses in the garden .
There s no way off the island .
Taking off is easier than landing .
Stop putting off finding a job .
Japan is not rich in natural resources .
It is still fresh in my memory .
Sydney is the largest city in Australia .
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism .
Keep it in a cool place .
Do not give in to those demands .
India gained independence from Britain in .
Everyone in the class climbed the hill .
Talking in the library is not allowed .
Smoking is prohibited on the train .
Rice is grown in rainy regions .
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps .
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere .
Smoking is not permitted on the train .
Ask at the police box over there .
School begins at a .m .
Make another appointment at the front desk .
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel .
Bill didn t turn up at the party .
Send for a doctor at once .
Water freezes at degrees Fahrenheit .
It happened at a quarter past eleven .
Come here by ten at the latest .
World War I broke out in .
It wasn t as expensive as I expected .
When I heard the news I cried .
Sunday is not a workday for me .
Sunday is not a workday for me .
Now let s get down to work .
Traffic lights work all the time .
Japanese office workers work very hard .
Cut the chit chat and get to work .
It s too hot for us to work .
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday .
I m sorry but I can t answer right away .
I m sorry I dialed the wrong number .
To tell the truth I completely forgot .
To tell the truth I felt lonely .
If time permits I ll visit the museum .
I m tired of working a nine to five job .
The vast majority of high school students I know can t read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally .
The robot went out of control .
Don t ask me for money .
Turn on the light please .
Please turn off the light .
Turn off the light please .
Draw me a sheep .
He was sitting on the floor .
The policeman commanded them to stop .
She asked us several questions .
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight .
It reveals local executives ambitions of bringing the region back to the top .
Her house is at the foot of a mountain .
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public .
He sometimes comes to see me .
I know that money isn t everything .
Have you tasted such good soup before ?
The students have returned .
New Russians you say ? Wonderful ! That s just what we need !
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek but they re all covered up nowadays .
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday .
He isn t a poet he s a prose writer .
If you hear hoofbeats don t look for zebras .
Don t forget your money .
Don t forget your money .
He is older than Jane by two years .
He told me to wash my face .
The motel can accommodate as many as guests .
The number of cars is on the increase .
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way .
Much depends upon the result .
We got lost in the fog .
All of these books are mine .
The school was established in .
This school was founded in .
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life .
Our problems are nothing compared to hers .
All of my attempts have failed .
Honesty is a capital virtue .
He began to feel afraid .
Where is my seat ?
Are you ready ?
Are you ready ?
Are you ready ?
He did nothing but cry .
Am I pregnant ?
Am I pregnant ?
Sydney is the largest city in Australia .
About how many English words do you know ?
Who s on duty today ?
I like cracking sunflower seeds .
I look down on you !
The old cottage had only one bed so we all took turns sleeping in it .
He was about to fall asleep when he heard his name called .
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin .
I walked an entire ten miles .
Newsflash People a couple of hundred years ago didn t speak the same as we do .
To be honest we came to capture you .
To be honest we came to capture you .
To be honest we came to capture you .
When Spain colonized the Philippines they were administrated by Mexico City . So it was Mexican Spanish not Castilian Spanish that influenced Tagalog .
Riding a horse is really thrilling .
Half a loaf is better than none .
Half a loaf is better than none .
Studying abroad is very common now .
Mt . Aso is an active volcano .
A ball is floating down the river .
Any bed is better than no bed .
A computer is an absolute necessity now .
Traffic downtown is all backed up .
Not everyone who lives here is rich .
Korean food is generally very spicy .
A big tree fell in the storm .
Scotland can be very warm in September .
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa .
Sales fell off in the third quarter .
These flowers grow in warm countries .
Only four horses competed in the race .
Only four horses were in the race .
There s a hair in my soup .
There s a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima .
Such a thing can t happen in Japan .
There s an old movie theater in town .
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil .
There s bamboo growing in the garden .
It became quiet again in the forest .
Stars began to appear in the sky .
Leaves begin to fall in October .
It is rude to laugh at others .
It is rude to point at others .
It is rude to stare at someone .
It is rude to stare at strangers .
It is wrong to cheat at cards .
Keep it at a lower temperature .
Turn left at the first light .
War may break out at any moment .
War must be avoided at all costs .
I m neither an Athenian nor a Greek .
No matter what happens I am prepared .
I m not accustomed to getting up early .
I m not responsible for what Tom did .
I m not satisfied with my English ability .
I m planning to stay at the hotel .
It s really different from what I expected .
I m short of cash at the moment .
I m sorry for the delay in responding .
I m sorry I didn t make myself clear .
I d like to cash a travelers check .
I d like to check out right now .
I d like to get home by five .
I d like to know the exact time .
I d like to live in New York .
I d like to send these to Japan .
I d like to speak to John Warner .
I d like to work at the cafeteria .
I m getting farsighted as I get older .
I m getting more and more gray hair .
I m getting off at the next stop .
Recently I moved to another apartment .
Can I speak to the head nurse ?
Sorry I ve got my hands full now .
I m leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning .
I d like a room in the back .
I d like a room in the front .
I d like the sauce on the side .
New stamps will be issued next month .
Peace talks will begin next week .
There will be a concert next Sunday .
Coffee will be served after the meal .
What will actually happen is anyone s guess .
It became dark before I knew it .
In case it rains I won t go .
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in .
I m fed up with eating in restaurants .
There was no water in the river .
There was no water in the river .
There was not a tree in sight .
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain .
Africa was once called the Dark Continent .
Jealousy was the motive for the murder .
There was widespread panic after the earthquake .
Linda Wood was standing at the door .
When I arrived it was raining .
When I awoke it was snowing .
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon .
Traffic was blocked by a landslide .
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner .
America was discovered by Columbus in .
There was hardly anyone in the room .
It was impossible to find an answer .
Paper was invented by the Chinese .
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium .
There wasn t anyone in the room .
There was no one in the room .
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck .
All the furniture was covered with dust .
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order .
On the whole the event was successful .
It was a great shock to me .
There was a shortage of fuel .
There was a steady increase in population .
There was a sudden change of plan .
Bill was able to pass the exam .
It s been raining since early morning .
A bridge was built across the river .
A card was attached to the gift .
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer .
A doctor was called in right away .
A doctor was sent for at once .
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel .
Henry James was an American by birth .
J .F . Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery .
Each of them was given a prize .
It s awfully hot today .
It s very hot today isn t it ?
It is especially hot today .
It s insanely hot today .
How hot it is today !
Today is the hottest day this year .
It is as hot a day as yesterday .
It isn t anything like as cold as it was yesterday .
It is less humid today than it was yesterday .
It is not so hot today as yesterday .
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday .
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday .
There s more cloud today than yesterday .
You had better take an umbrella with you today .
I won t work overtime today .
Aren t we going out to the park today ?
Eh ? We said we d go to the park ? I didn t realise .
She made room for an old lady .
I had a feeling this might happen .
I had a feeling this might happen .
What s your impression of China ?
What impression do you have of China ?
I had a funny dream last night .
My impression of America is very good .
I had a good opinion of her .
What s your impression of that person like ?
We had a conversation about baseball .
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy otherwise they ll encounter large problems in the future .
The teacher had a bad cold .
We had a chat for a while .
I had a chance to travel abroad .
He had a book on physics published .
They had a baby last week .
That day left a deep impression on me .
We hacked a path through the forest .
She made a serious mistake .
I guess that would be all right .
I guess that would be all right .
I guess it depends on the weather .
I guess it depends on the weather .
I guess most of them went home .
I guess I ll have to leave now .
They guarantee this clock for a year .
They guarantee this clock can be used for a year .
I guess I haven t made myself clear .
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers .
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression .
She made out the application for admission .
The old man made out his will .
She made no response to my question .
Words express thoughts .
Words express thoughts .
He made no mention of her request .
I made my way through the crowd .
Our team lost all of its games .
What you said left a deep impression on me .
My father made me what I am .
My mother made me take some medicine .
He made me sing on the stage .
My uncle made me serve as interpreter .
My uncle had me act as a translator .
My uncle made me serve as interpreter .
The teacher made me repeat the sentence .
They made me go there alone .
He made me go against my will .
She made me a nice dress .
My aunt made me a new skirt .
My aunt made me a new skirt .
My aunt made me a new skirt .
My aunt made me a new skirt .
He lives in a world of fantasy .
My mother made me a Christmas cake .
My sister made me a beautiful doll .
My sister made me a beautiful doll .
He made many excuses for being late .
They made John chairman of the committee .
Tom made Jill a new dress .
She made jam from the apples .
She used apples to do the jam .
I find her very impressive .
We made it out of there .
He knows better than to marry her .
He knows better than to marry her .
They go to church on Sunday .
Your CV has really impressed me .
Your r sum has really impressed me .
He has no eye for women .
He couldn t understand the sentence .
I had a dream about him .
I had my watch stolen yesterday .
I had to go to America .
An eight year old car is almost worthless .
You can rely upon his being punctual .
Andy must have practiced very hard .
I m looking for some regular work .
I m looking forward to seeing him .
He couldn t run very fast .
I lived abroad for ten years .
I like to ride on trains .
We made inquiries into his past .
He made his way to the room .
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden .
The dog growled at the strange man .
We guarantee our products for one year .
He made his way to the minister .
He made his way through the crowd .
He has more than five dictionaries .
My mother grows flowers in her garden .
We can rely on his judgement .
I quit smoking two years ago .
He has no manners at all .
He grew up to be an engineer .
We grow a variety of crops .
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse .
I made his son a new suit .
The dog growled at a little boy .
She grew up to be a veterinarian .
He grew up to be a doctor .
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie .
They greeted me with a smile .
She greeted us with a smile .
I grew up in this small town .
He grasped the rope with two hands .
Mrs . Parker greeted him with a smile .
She greeted him waving her hand .
She greeted me with a big smile .
The girl greeted me with a smile .
He graduated from high school this spring .
She graduated from high school last year .
I graduated from high school last year .
He graduated from Harvard University with honors .
She got wet to the skin .
Mark graduated from Harvard in .
We graduate from high school at eighteen .
I got your fax the other day .
I got up at six this morning .
We got together in the park .
I got up at five that morning .
We got to the station at six .
I got to the station this morning .
They got to the hotel after dark .
The cat got through the hedge .
She got through her work before five .
I got this CD player for free .
He got thrown out of the house .
They got thoroughly wet in the rain .
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing .
We got there at the same time .
I got these old coins from her .
We got the meeting over with quickly .
I got the money back from him .
The boy made his parents happy .
She got the ticket for nothing .
I got the information from him directly .
I got the roller skates for nothing .
I got scolded severely by that teacher .
I got the book back from him .
I got some sand in my eye .
He got out from under the car .
The teacher got quite well again .
She got on the subway at Ginza .
She got out of the car .
They got out of the car .
Your brother got married didn t he ?
The old man got off the bus .
We got on the bus there .
I got my friends to help me .
She got married when she was twenty five .
She got married in her teens .
My father got married in his twenties .
They got married and settled near Boston .
She lives in a large house .
We got lost in the snow .
We got involved in a traffic accident .
She got married against her father s will .
The thief got in without being noticed .
He made himself heard across the room .
He got injured in a traffic accident .
I got injured in the traffic accident .
He got injured in the traffic accident .
The old man got in her way .
She got in at p .m .
He got hurt when he fell down .
He got hurt in the game yesterday .
The cat is under the table .
The pen is on the desk .
The rich and the poor are afraid of death .
Is he afraid of death ?
Smoking kills .
I m not afraid of death .
She isn t afraid of death .
We aren t afraid of death .
Stir the soup .
They aren t afraid of death .
The moment I held the baby in my arms it began to cry .
I m a starved spider .
He got tired of reading .
Good luck on the test !
The jury s guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate .
You know I ve never seen you with a guy before .
They were only interested in selling books .
So you don t understand this sentence ?
You can t understand this sentence can you ?
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me ?
This sentence doesn t make sense .
Put this sentence into English .
The meaning of this sentence is obscure .
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong .
She can assess investments very accurately .
Don t judge other people s traditional culture .
We should judge him according to his actions .
He judges other people time and again .
In your view can we judge other people s religion or not ?
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company .
As he has done a lot of bad things we can conclude that he is a bad person .
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary .
After looking at the research most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing .
They are both very competent judges .
This case might not get resolved for a while .
I wonder what he s up to .
I don t trust businessmen .
I suppose I felt a little jealous .
I don t like anything like hard work .
I will love you always .
I will love you forever .
I had a fine old time .
Does it hurt a lot ?
I was biting my nails worrying about you .
I feel very sick .
What an awful lot of books you have !
It s freezing .
I can t live without you .
I like you very much .
When it comes to love women are experts and men eternal novices .
Love is the miracle of civilization .
I will be at home when she comes next .
 Didn t you get married ! ? Oh we split up . We broke our engagement . 
There is no stopping a girl s tongue .
When I hear this song I think of you and miss you .
I love Hitomi .
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved .
I had her sweep my room .
They decided to get married .
They love each other .
Do they love each other ?
They talked about love .
We love each other .
Are those two going out ?
I ll miss you so much .
It s you I ll always love .
I wonder if he loves me .
You can t do two things at once .
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him making him feel miserable .
It s the animal in me that wants it .
You can t do two things at once .
When I saw them on a date I asked them Do I hear wedding bells ? 
You make life worth living .
So I thought my date er rather offline meeting was going to be just me and her but things aren t that easy .
He saw her and blushed .
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night .
Time is of the essence Paul . If you don t tell her how you feel now you ll never have another chance .
 What s the difference between erotic and kinky ? Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken . 
A woman s strength is in her tongue .
He married an actress .
She looked bored while we were making love .
Mind your own business !
 Would you mind taking me home ? she said .
He wrote a book about the American Civil War .
I was barely able to work .
Despite Trang s constant affirmations of love Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him .
I love you more than you love me .
No one was late .
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved .
Love me lithe love me long .
Love me lithe love me long .
As I love her so she loved me .
I don t love her not even if she loves me .
I thought he loved you but as it is he loved another girl .
He loves her . She loves him too .
I love her and she loves me .
She loved me in the same way that I loved her .
Are you aware of how much she loves you ?
Let s discuss your love problems on the way back from school .
Does he know that you love him ?
You have lovely eyes don t you ?
I ll always love you no matter what happens .
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter s daughter .
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don t I think of you with love .
 He used to love me she answered sadly .
To write a love letter in English is not easy .
Love blinded him to her faults .
At last Mario managed to win the princess s love .
Nothing is as precious as love .
As long as we love each other we ll be all right .
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her .
Marry first and love will follow .
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock . She s from Osaka .
Give me a different example .
You will never be too old to learn .
He often takes a defiant attitude toward us .
Please help me .
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy .
My father is too busy to take a walk .
My father does not eat much fruit .
My father didn t eat much fruit .
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed .
Father always has the tailor make his suits .
Father always says Do your best . 
My father always speaks in a very loud voice .
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves .
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle .
My father has been to Australia twice .
My father is far from artistic .
Daddy loves to say funny things .
Father named me after his aunt .
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some .
It has been raining since last Thursday .
I ran into Mary at a party last week .
I was very busy last week .
Last week I gained another five pounds .
Up to last week I hadn t received a reply .
I took a day off last week .
The boy got in through the window .
The boy got his hands dirty .
I got him to repair my car .
I got him to polish my shoes .
I got him to paint the fence .
I got him to fix my bicycle .
He got his meaning across to me .
I got her to clean my room .
I got her to clean my room .
She got her daughter a personal computer .
Tom got first prize didn t he ?
We got him to carry our bag .
Jim got down from the tree .
He got away disguised as a policeman .
The thief got away with the money .
We got an interesting piece of information .
The man got away from the city .
I got acquainted with the chief executive .
We got all the materials together .
I got acquainted with her in France .
I got a shave and a haircut .
I got acquainted with him in France .
I got acquainted with him last night .
I got a new pair of shoes .
She got a new CD player yesterday .
I got a lot of mosquito bites .
He got a master s degree in law .
He got a loan from the bank .
I got a letter from her today .
Jim got a job as a waiter .
She found a job as a typist .
We got a good price for that .
He got a good grade in mathematics .
I got a hole in my jeans .
I got a farewell present from everyone .
He is good at riding a horse .
She got a beautiful dress on .
He is good at dealing with children .
I dare say he is right .
It may be that he likes his job .
I dare say he s not a bad boy .
She is going to Mount Tate .
No man can serve two masters .
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby .
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages you ll never be able to understand the foreigner s silence .
I sent this drum to my father .
Has the bell rung ?
Press the bell twice .
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo .
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon .
He is going to run for mayor .
He goes to the office by car .
She is going to Chiba Stadium .
Pat s going to Jim s birthday party .
She is going to have a baby .
Tom goes to school on foot .
She goes to school on foot .
My brother goes to college in Tokyo .
Jim goes to school by bus .
I had no choice but to accept the offer .
I accept the offer .
I accepted the offer .
She goes to aerobics once a week .
I rejected the offer .
Mrs . Smith goes to church by car .
I want a dozen cream puffs .
My father goes jogging every morning .
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof .
Even now many years after the Cold War there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russians especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union .
We ran short of money .
He goes by the name of Kenchan .
She goes by the name of Amy .
He came home soon .
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese .
I go to bed after I study .
 When are you coming back ? That all depends on the weather . 
I go to bed late at night .
When will we have arrived ?
I m listening to music .
My foot hurts .
The world is like a book and those who don t travel read only one page .
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman .
We re getting a new car next month .
I didn t get the joke .
I don t get the joke .
In Italy during summer it doesn t get dark until about nine o clock .
I d love to find out why she said so .
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a .m . on the day of departure .
There is a television in the room .
The blossoms will be out in a few days .
Come on Arianna speed up or we ll never get there !
The court adjudged that the will was valid .
Open your eyes .
Cats love to run after balls of wool .
When I was in elementary school my mother always fetched me from school .
She works for a hospital .
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school .
Here you can see beautiful colour combinations .
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me .
I ll take your suitcase to your room .
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter .
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating .
Play Chopin for me .
She glanced briefly at the newspaper .
She glanced shyly at the young man .
We go fishing once in a while .
We go out together every weekend .
I am glad to have her company .
I am glad to make your acquaintance .
He is glad to hear the news .
She is giving the baby a bath .
He held his breath .
That s cheap isn t it ?
Miss Klein gives a test every Friday .
That s cheap isn t it ?
He is giving me a hard time .
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience .
She is giving a party tonight .
The young girl burst into tears .
They give good service at that restaurant .
He is getting better day by day .
She is getting better day by day .
He is ashamed to ask questions .
He is getting better bit by bit .
He is getting along with his neighborhood .
She gets up late on Sunday mornings .
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn t want to come home .
He is getting along with his employees .
My mother gets up early every morning .
Old people get up very early .
I d like to go abroad one day .
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner .
She gets good marks in English .
The phone company cut me off last month .
I get two hours exercise every day .
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation .
I get two hours exercise every day .
You ought not to have disclosed the secret .
You get up early don t you ?
We get together once a year .
We get the materials from Malaysia .
I get a kick out of life .
We generally drink tea after a meal .
I get depressed by the slightest things .
I get scared just walking past him .
I gazed at the sea for hours .
They gave us very little trouble .
She gave us some useful information .
We gazed at the beautiful scenery .
The soldier gave water to me .
She gave us lots to eat .
She gave us a vague answer .
You will have heard this story before .
I found the new magazine very interesting .
You will have heard this story before .
I found your letter in the mailbox .
If she should come late give her this message .
I ll come and see you one of these days .
I found the key underneath the mat .
I will provide you all the necessary information .
We found the front door locked .
I will provide you all the necessary information .
I found something interesting in the town .
Dare you ask him about the accident ?
She gave up everything for her children .
I gave up smoking for a year .
He had every reason for doing so .
Nobody had ever heard of it .
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub .
I had difficulty in solving this problem .
I had difficulty working out the problem .
I had difficulty in solving this problem .
I had difficulty working out the problem .
He gave the same answer as before .
I gave up all hope of survival .
I like to travel by train .
She gave the children two apples each .
You should be able to judge when you ve had too much to drink .
She gave the door a gentle push .
I gave them clothing and some food .
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so .
The old man gave the child shelter .
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness .
She is ashamed of what she s done .
She gave the blouse a quick wash .
She was ashamed of her children s behavior .
She gave out a sigh of relief .
We gave the car a push .
Nothing is lost for asking .
We gave our mother a watch .
She gave me this compact disc .
He is proficient in Farsi .
Chaplin was visionary .
I hope to graduate at the exams .
The Foreign Minister was a puppet .
The employment policy is a failure .
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America .
As more paper money came into use the value fell .
The Colombian government demanded more money .
The cargo ship arrived four hours early .
That s my final answer .
He gave me whatever help I needed .
I must say his behaviour is exemplary .
She gave me whatever help I needed .
She gave me these old coins .
My uncle gave me the watch .
You gave me the wrong change .
She gave me some practical advice .
She gave me some good advice .
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO .
The election was unanimous .
He gave me authority to fire them .
He gave me his stamp of approval .
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics .
You gave me only fifty cents .
You only gave me fifty cents .
He won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
She gave me plenty to eat .
She gave me a strange look .
She gave me access to her records .
My aunt gave me an album .
My aunt gave me an album .
My aunt gave me an album .
Miss March gave me an English dictionary .
Mary gave me an American doll .
She gave me a smile of recognition .
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange .
He gave me a smile of recognition .
She gave me a shy smile .
She gave me a meaningful look .
My brother gave me a cute doll .
He gave me a lecture on drinking .
My uncle gave me a book .
My aunt gave me a camera .
I gave it to the little boy .
The teacher gave John a prize .
He went to London in .
This company and I have signed a contract of three years .
From what school did you graduate ?
She gave it her personal attention .
The doctor gave it to her .
He gave it to me for nothing .
They gave in to my opinion .
She gave in to the temptation .
We found that everyone was asleep .
We found the beds quite comfortable .
We found the boy fast asleep .
I found the field trip very educational .
I found the comic book very interesting .
We found the footprints in the sand .
He gave his children a good education .
He gave his life for his country .
She gave him a tender kiss .
They gave him up for lost .
I m open to suggestions .
If you make a mess clean it up .
There is no knowing what he will do next .
There s no telling what he ll do next .
We gave him up for dead .
He gave her a piece of advice .
I gave her a lift to town .
He gave her a piece of paper .
She gave birth to twin girls .
I gave careful consideration to the problem .
She knows how to do the crawl .
I like to play golf .
Leaves fall in the autumn .
It is a pity you cannot come .
He knows a lot about foreign affairs .
No I don t think so .
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday .
He gave correct answers to the questions .
We gave blood to help the child .
She gave away all her dresses .
This point deserves special emphasis .
I like the way you smile .
My mother is beautiful .
U .S . companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy .
Will you marry me ?
I know who my enemy is .
But Tatoeba Project is not a word heaven . Please stop adding words .
He adhered to the original plan .
We go to the South of France for a change of air .
He is busy learning English .
I ate curry yesterday .
What he likes is jelly .
Please write down your name .
He came to Japan when he was a child .
I ll come as soon as I can .
Sorry I ve got to go .
Can you tell my age ?
Most people think so .
The situation is very serious .
I could not catch her words .
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket .
Jane sometimes runs to school .
My friends call me Beth .
They invited me to play cards .
He was appointed chairman .
Come here !
I forgive you .
If I had money I would travel around the world .
I ordered two hamburgers .
He is my brother .
This is my brother .
That s a great idea .
Please use a pencil to write down your name .
Whose guitar is this ?
A friend in need is a friend indeed .
When the cat is away the mice will play .
When the cat is away the mice will play .
A friend in need is a friend indeed .
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage half shut afterwards .
Haste makes waste .
Money is the root of all evil .
Let well alone .
Much ado about nothing .
Caesar is not above grammarians .
Don t look a gift horse in the mouth .
All that glitters is not gold .
Don t look a gift horse in the mouth .
Never look a gift horse in the mouth .
All that glitters is not gold .
The end justifies the means .
Strike while the iron is hot .
Moderation in all things .
No pain no gain .
Everyone deserves a second chance .
He laughs best who laughs last .
Speech is silver but silence is golden .
Hunger is the best sauce .
Health is better than wealth .
Money does not grow on trees .
What is done cannot be undone .
Faint heart never won fair lady .
The danger past and God forgotten .
To err is human to forgive divine .
After a storm comes a calm .
After a storm comes a calm .
Women will have the last word .
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
There is no place like home .
There is no fire without smoke .
Secret gifts are openly rewarded .
Secret gifts are openly rewarded .
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion .
An eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth .
There s no use crying over spilt milk .
Short accounts make long friends .
I have the right to speak too .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
Too much spoils too little is nothing .
A little learning is a dangerous thing .
Forewarned is forearmed .
Forewarned is forearmed .
A stitch in time saves nine .
A stitch in time saves nine .
Children are poor men s riches .
Today above ground tomorrow under .
Our house our rules .
Ill weeds grow apace .
A cornered rat will bite a cat .
Dead men tell no tales .
After rain comes fair weather .
To see is to believe .
One man s meat is another man s poison .
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak .
Raise up your left hand .
A fool s bolt is soon shot .
What time is dinner ?
A fool and his money are soon parted .
No cross no crown .
No sweet without sweat .
Money ruins many .
The eagle does not catch flies .
Like water off a duck s back .
This chair is too small .
Throw a sprat to catch a whale .
It s never too late to make amends .
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds .
Every rose has its thorns .
Everything comes to those who wait .
Don t cry before you re hurt .
Speak of angels and you hear their wings .
Many a true word is spoken in jest .
New Year s Day is the key to the year .
His wife is our Italian teacher .
I don t like coffee .
Do you know his older brother ?
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth .
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring .
You have to clean your room .
At last we reached our destination .
I paid the bill .
He s a comedian .
This book will be of great use to us .
They are talking about music .
Don t sit upon it .
If you want a pencil I ll lend you one .
Her speech moved the audience .
I love you sweetheart .
We ran in the park .
There was a castle here many years ago .
I won t sell this tree shade .
He came here ten minutes ago .
Tatoeba Ever heard of sentence fights ? Yeah that s what we do for fun .
Because we love you we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience . See ? We love you huh ?
In its home country France Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon .
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project .
Tatoeba is created for adding and collecting example sentences .
Audio in Tatoeba sentences are provided by Shtooka .
The audio feature is only available in some sentences in Chinese Dutch French German and Shanghainese .
Tatoeba Join the dark side . We have chocolate cookies .
Tatoeba Sentences sentences and more sentences .
Tatoeba Because you can t meet enough frenchies .
Tatoeba As if the geek invasion wasn t enough .
FSI officer Sir there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language ! . FSI president What ? ! Bomb them ! .
 Honey quick quick . There s this website called Tatoeba that s auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each ! They ve even got special offers like buy sentences and get free ! Ah great ! now people collect sentences as a hobby ? ! What s the world coming to ! 
In Tatoeba you gotta always listen to veteran members . They ll tell you what can t be done and why . Then do it .
Tatoeba Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock !
Tatoeba is open source software .
Tatoeba Where quotes go to die .
You have added a comment not a translation . To add a translation click on the icon above the sentence .
Tatoeba Where sentences are always sentences except when they aren t .
I think that it s too big .
He will be sorry for it some day .
Do you know what the time is ?
You don t like chocolate do you ?
Does anyone here speak English ?
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare .
He is a novelist and poet .
When do you work ?
The girl didn t like to wash dishes .
Answer in English .
It is said that she is an expert in skiing .
I d like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese .
The reason we re on strike is that the company hasn t improved our wages .
We re on strike because the company hasn t improved our wages .
The reason we re on strike is that the company hasn t improved our wages .
I m a foreigner .
Tatoeba Join the dark side . We have chocolate cookies .
I met him just as he was coming out of school .
Look at that smoke .
Mathematicians are poets except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates .
We should break up .
Tatoeba Because you can t meet enough frenchies .
The reason we re on strike is that the company hasn t improved our wages .
When are you going home ?
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour ?
She thought of herself as being charming enough .
He thought of himself as being charming enough .
Who will take care of the dog while we are away ?
The company invested a lot of money in this project .
As far as I know your letter is under that book .
Columbus s Law of Discovery states If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus then what you discovered does not exist .
With Renaissance scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas .
Whose book is this ?
Some of the roses in my garden are white and others are red .
I can t stand panties .
The serpent tempted Eve .
Tony speaks English as well as you .
This is old news to me .
If I were a brain in a vat I wouldn t write this .
A fish rots from the head down .
A fish rots from the head down .
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue .
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue .
Here goes nothing .
I know that some people value my work .
He wears glasses .
Don t marry . Be happy !
Won t somebody please think of the children ? !
Mortal enemies are immortal friends .
I m not always right I just always correct you when you make mistakes .
I know that I know it but I can t remember it .
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self contained walking pieces of heaven .
The interviewer identifies his interviewees .
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview .
When you pose a question you expect an answer .
The project was a great success .
We suggest raising the fees .
She renewed the soil in the flower pot .
We re on strike because the company hasn t improved our wages .
There is always something happening here .
Paint our house . Use the orange paint .
He decided to become a pilot .
Who solved the hard problem ?
He is not as intelligent as his brother .
His words gave me hope .
The tall house was covered with a thatched roof .
Not yet .
You should not adulterate wine with water .
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over .
That old guy is really nice .
She is quite pretty but looks unhealthy .
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger but nevertheless the tiger is still the inferior creature .
I ll try again thank you .
I provided him with food .
You don t like gambling do you ?
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life ?
You live and learn .
The dwarves are great smiths .
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine .
As people get older their brain cells become less efficient .
Use it or lose it .
You re weird I like you .
Feel free to stay .
I know it but I can t hit on it .
You are a vegetarian .
Do you have a house on your own ?
I am on the right .
Tomorrow tomorrow just not today say all lazy people .
He still has springtime on the brain .
Do you have two computers ?
If I were healthy I would be happy .
Johnny was a chemist now Johnny is no more . For what he thought was water was H SO .
You re delusional . Go to bed !
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse ?
Switching on a fleshlight won t help you see in the dark .
The building is one hundred meters high .
The hawk caught a mouse .
You have foul breath .
Read every day something no one else is reading . Think every day something no one else is thinking . Do every day something no one else would be silly enough to do . It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity .
Teaching is learning .
Life never ends but earthly life does .
To fear love is to fear life and those who fear life are already three parts dead .
Please select a language for the Image Viewer interface .
I need a pencil . Can I use one of yours ?
The red flag indicated the presence of danger .
When is it convenient for you ?
Who s in charge of this section ?
Who is the author of this story ?
Who is the boss of this company ?
Who is hiding behind the curtain ?
Who is the woman standing there ?
Where is the wedding to be ?
Who is the girl at the door ?
Who is the girl standing over there ?
Who is going to speak tonight ?
Who is that boy running toward us ?
Who s in charge of the sales section ?
When and where is breakfast served ?
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan ?
Who is that woman holding the flowers ?
There are a lot of things you don t know about my personality .
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you ?
I would like to try the blue striped skirt .
The tap is running .
Please tell us where there is a grocery store .
We suspect it s about a poisoning by snake bite .
However the singer does not deny her ancestry .
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit every problem looks like a nail .
The second half of a man s life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half .
Pick up your things and go away .
Since Mario lied to me I don t speak to him anymore .
Almost half the men in Great Britain regularly give chocolate to their partner especially for their birthday .
She s selling drugs at concerts .
Here comes the bride !
I hope that your brother is better .
He is less clever than his elder brother .
You should obey your parents .
The girl playing the piano is my sister .
My sister often cries .
He has two daughters .
My uncle gave me a gift .
Image Viewer is an image viewing software . This software is a very small program . This software has basic functions only . This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users .
So that s Tatoeba .
That s awesome right ?
And actually this project needs everyone .
Tatoeba is really multilingual . All the languages are interconnected .
And everyone has the ability to contribute .
It doesn t require you to be a polyglot .
Everyone speaks a language .
Tatoeba is a dictionary .
But where do we get those sentences ? And how do we translate them ?
Obviously this cannot be the work of one person . This is why Tatoeba is collaborative .
You can search words and get translations . But it s not exactly a typical dictionary .
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences .
Why sentences ? you may ask . Well because sentences are more interesting .
So we love sentences . But even more we love languages .
Mr . Suzuki studied French before he went to France .
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan .
Julia s native language is Italian .
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese .
Our native language is Japanese .
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language .
English is my native language .
English is my mother tongue .
Italian is my mother tongue .
 Do you speak German ? No I don t . 
 What was that person saying ? He couldn t communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian . 
 of all English words come from other languages .
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English .
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language .
A lot of students around the world are studying English .
According to my experience it takes one year to master French grammar .
Accordingly besides noun declension patterns there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English .
After I got all worked up about ordering in English I walked in the store and they greeted me with Irasshaimase ! I felt like What the . . . ? 
After school I go to an English school to practice English conversation .
All languages are equal but English is more equal than the others .
All languages being equal English is the most equal of all .
All of these meetings are in English .
All of us talk in English .
All students of English should have a good English English dictionary at hand .
All you have to do is try hard to master English .
Almost all the students like English .
An English Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book not just for those taking TOEIC but for all studying English .
Andy is master of French and German .
Answer the following questions in English .
Are there any English magazines in this library ?
Are you listening to English ?
Are you studying English ?
Are you teaching Spanish ?
As a matter of fact I do speak Spanish .
As it is written in simple English this book is easy to read .
As more time passed these Creoles became separate languages Spanish French Italian etc .
At first he could not speak English at all .
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation in particular Soseki s I am a Cat and Kokoro and Akutagawa s The Nose and Kappa .
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English .
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school .
At this language centre about international languages are taught including English .
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German .
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it .
Because of its origins Canadian English has features of both American and British English .
Before going to France we decided to study French .
Before going to France Mr . Suzuki studied French .
Beginners should learn spoken English first .
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English .
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class .
Born in America Taro speaks good English .
Born in England he speaks British English .
Both French and English are spoken in Canada .
Brian studied English for this trip .
But he is bad at reading English .
By the way my English is absolutely hopeless .
Can he speak English ?
Can you communicate in English what you want to say ?
Can you count to ten in Chinese ?
Can you express yourself in English ?
Can you make yourself understood in English ?
Can you make yourself understood in French ?
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian ?
Can you translate English into Japanese ?
Can you write a letter in English ?
Carol is studying Spanish .
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris ?
Could you put this report into Italian for me ?
Could you say that in plain English ?
David can speak French fluently .
Despite being fascinated with English many Japanese don t even try to study it .
Did he study English yesterday ?
Did you ever make a speech in English ?
Didn t you hear her speaking French ?
Do they learn English ?
Do they speak French in Canada ?
Do you have a book written in English ?
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance ?
Do you know how to speak English ?
Do you know whether she can speak English ?
Do you know whether or not she can speak English ?
Do you like English ?
Do you speak Chinese ?
Can you speak French ?
Do you speak French ?
Do you speak German ?
Do you study English every day ?
Does anyone speak English ?
Does he study English every day ?
Does he write English letters ?
Does he write letters in English ?
Does she speak English ?
Does the letter need to be written in English ?
Does this letter have to be written in English ?
Don t be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English .
Don t translate English into Japanese word for word .
Dutch is closely related to German .
Emi will study English .
English and German are two related languages .
English has spread all over the country .
English is a Germanic language .
English is a hard language to learn .
English is a kind of universal language .
English is a language spoken all over the world .
English is a means of communication .
English is a universal language and is used all over the world .
English is an international language .
English is by far the most widely spoken language in the world .
English is difficult to learn .
English is difficult isn t it ?
English is difficult innit ?
English is easy to learn .
English is just one of over languages in the world today .
English is not difficult to learn .
English is not easy for him to learn .
English is not easy for me .
As far as I m concerned English is not easy .
English is not spoken here .
English is spoken by more people than any other language .
People in the United States speak English .
English is spoken in Australia .
English is spoken in Canada .
English is spoken in many countries around the world .
English is spoken in many countries .
English is spoken in Singapore .
English is studied in China too .
English is studied in China too .
English is studied in Japan .
English is studied in Japan .
English is taught almost all over the world today .
English is taught in most countries .
English is taught in most countries .
English is too difficult for me to understand .
English is used by many people .
English is useful in commerce .
English isn t easy to master .
English will take you a long time to master .
Even though she grew up in Japan she speaks fluent English .
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English .
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ?
Few Japanese can use English well .
Few people can speak English better than Sachiko .
Fluency in English is a must .
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today .
For the first time in her life Yuka has finished reading an English book .
For the other million people English is either a second language or a foreign language .
For the time being I am studying French at this language school .
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot . He was disappointed that he couldn t burn their water . So he invented fluorine .
I was very nervous as the plane took off .
We ll fly there in minutes .
Flying is the quickest method of travelling .
Maybe it s the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes .
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane ?
How much will it cost you to go by air ?
It will cost you more to go by plane .
He was tired from reading .
He was completely engrossed in the book .
They are baseball players .
The army forced him to resign .
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth .
He said that it was nine o clock .
Here we are at Ueno Station .
How long will this rain go on ?
She has had to stay here .
America likes to claim that it is a classless society .
After they argued they didn t speak to each other for a week .
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand .
In case the shipment is delayed we have special delay insurance .
They worked jointly on this project .
Everybody s business is nobody s business .
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility .
Everybody s business is nobody s business .
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility .
He lives by himself .
He lives alone .
You cannot eat your cake and keep it .
Have you put winter tyres on your car yet ?
What is the difference between a piano and a fish ?
You should read many books when you are young .
Have you ever been to New York ?
Let s take a trip to New York .
Let s take a trip to New York .
I d like a nonstop flight to New York .
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants .
What time does the train for New York depart ?
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes .
I know her very well .
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet ?
Sir that CD is available only by special order .
I think this lamp has a short because the light comes on only if I jiggle the cord .
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee .
A drop of mustard fell and stained my tie during lunch .
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business .
I consider you one of my closest friends .
Give me a chance to make you proud of me .
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them .
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest . Now it s just the opposite .
I wonder if a day will come when money will be something found only in museums .
I bet my friend that he wouldn t eat a live cockroach . I lost !
My father and I nursed my sister back to health after her accident .
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me .
I just knew you would say that .
Why is the sky blue ?
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it .
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle .
Just pull the door shut . It ll lock by itself .
He is on the radio .
I can t decide if I m happy or sad .
There s something I need to tell you and I know you re not going to like it .
The only thing I have now are memories .
Thanks for adding me as a friend .
My camera can shoot high definition video .
Since I installed solar panels on my house my energy bill has been cut in half .
It s more polite to say thin than skinny .
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed .
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many ?
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame .
It s hard to tell if that s the sound of children laughing or screaming .
I ve heard it said that English is for making money French for making love and Spanish for praying to God .
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building .
My blood type is A positive .
It s a pity they re getting divorced .
Nice guys finish last .
I m in charge of the propaganda .
Good luck .
Bless you !
Good afternoon .
The cadres inspected our school .
I don t care for green tea .
Don t worry about my dog . He won t do you any harm .
The baby isn t crying anymore .
I don t like spicy food .
Would you like some tea or coffee ?
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one ?
Is this a newspaper or a magazine ?
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work .
Do you want to eat French Japanese or Chinese food ?
Would you like tea or coffee ?
Tea or coffee which would you like ?
When I m feeling low I talk with friends or go out for a walk .
We have consumed all the natural resources .
Computers are used to send messages by e mail .
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto .
He is as young a teacher as ever taught here .
He is still somewhere about .
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet .
The novel ends with the heroine s death .
There are many good reasons not to do it .
I would like to learn to play the piano guitar or flute .
She must come home by at latest .
A woman visited us while you were sleeping .
A woman visited us while you were sleeping .
I missed you .
The flag is up .
A true German can t stand the French yet willingly he drinks their wines .
Is it always a sin to tell a lie ?
This book was printed in England .
You must take his age into account .
We ll think about it in due time .
He wanted to do it whatever the consequences .
Let s take a rest for a while .
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky .
She sang better than him .
Between you and me he has a shallow way of thinking .
This is just between you and me .
Between you and me the fat ugly man is on a diet .
Between you and me he s in trouble with the boss .
Between you and me he s a shallow thinker .
Between you and me Tom s idea doesn t appeal to me very much .
Between you and me John s idea doesn t appeal to me very much .
This is a secret just between you and me so don t let it slip out .
Let s divide this money between you and me .
Between you and me what is your opinion of her ?
This is just between you and me he is a big eater .
Between you and me he cannot be relied upon .
Between you and me he is rather stupid .
Between you and me I think our boss is stupid .
Between you and me I don t like our new team captain .
Between you and me I m going to quit my present job soon .
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea ?
The lake is deepest at this spot .
This lake is deepest at this point .
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time .
Do you get up at six ?
Have you finished reading that book ?
The rope wasn t strong enough to support him .
He needs an umbrella .
Beethoven goes to the piano sits down at it and begins to play .
We set a trap to catch a fox .
My dream is to be a doctor .
Carry the injured to the hospital .
He had I thought no right to do that .
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he s alone .
Who are you voting for ?
The image quality is really bad the resolution is so low .
I have so many clothes I don t know what to wear tomorrow .
Tom is a good cook .
We must sleep at least eight hours a day .
He may not be happy .
She has great respect for her teacher .
I don t have much time .
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America ?
China is an emerging market .
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients .
The aim of this policy is to improve the environment in the poorest cities .
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life .
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network .
The manager wants to improve the company s structuring .
Through genetic modification we can improve crops .
This new market may improve the entire industry .
We ve made a lot of progress today .
We ve made a lot of improvements today .
If you want to criticise other people first you must improve your own methods .
I hope to improve my attitude to work .
In order to improve the students attitude to their studies the school let them start class an hour later .
I don t know how long I ll have to wait before my creative ability improves .
I don t know how long I ll have to wait before I become more creative .
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute .
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world .
I have a friend who works for NASA .
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store .
Canada is on the north side of America .
Keeping a diary is a good habit .
Writing in a diary is a good habit .
The offer is too good to be turned down .
My house has two flights of stairs .
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in ?
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present .
I found the secret compartment quite by accident .
Cats hate to get wet .
She wouldn t let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her .
He swam until he could swim no more .
He knows every inch of this area .
Play us a tune .
Do you go running daily ?
I have high blood pressure .
How do I gain weight ?
Leave the room as it is .
I want to see what there is inside .
I don t believe the rumours . Do you believe them ?
I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen .
He wrote this book at the age of twenty .
They appointed him as a director .
That car is quite new .
Most boys like computer games .
He was very busy all day .
He was very busy all day .
Tell me why he was absent .
I m looking forward to seeing you next Sunday .
I fell in love with her .
He is unsatisfied with the result .
She is working on the problem .
The room is full of people .
We have to put off the game till next Sunday .
He threatened to make it public .
I just want you to come .
She was too short to see over the fence .
I want some potatoes .
I managed to repair my car by myself .
He rushed out of the office .
Start at once or you will miss the bus .
They talked over the plan for hours .
He is a learned man .
What a wonderful night !
Tell me what to do with it .
A wounded whale washed up on the beach .
Mary treated her wounded knee .
After the hurricane their house was a wreck .
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck .
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck .
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope .
Parents teach their children that it s wrong to lie .
The x ray showed two broken fingers .
Dentists take x rays to examine your teeth .
The doctors are looking at an x ray .
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year .
I love my yellow sweater .
In the United States school buses are yellow .
Tom s birthday was yesterday .
Yesterday was the last day of school .
There are two zeros in the number . 
Scientists haven t found a cure for cancer yet .
Zero comes before one .
Sow the wind reap the whirlwind .
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry .
I don t believe the rumours . Do you believe them ?
The sale prices are written in red ink .
Sow the wind reap the whirlwind .
The novel All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages .
Do you know if my father is still in the office ?
Are you a tubist ?
Enjoy the moment !
The apple does not fall far from the trunk .
I ll be sixteen in September .
Are you coming along with us ?
I m right .
I see a book .
You don t understand anything about it .
Do you know a good dentist ?
They stepped a few paces forward .
The fox and the bear lived together .
This tea tastes good .
 Once is like never implied the young lady . Yet the gynecologist implied twins . 
He bought himself a dog .
Swimming in the sea doesn t mean owning the sea .
You can ask the child that is playing over there .
Take control of the command post .
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko .
Can you play the dutar ?
I ll be there at half seven .
Let s hope she comes .
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts .
Before I start doing small talk I d rather not talk at all .
If you and Marco are well Paulo and I are well .
No day without a line .
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic .
Please alight at the next stop .
Because his salary is low he can t buy that house .
I warned him but he ignored the warning .
Since I had met him once before I recognized him right away .
Every time I went to his place he was studying .
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford .
Unhappiness comes without being called .
My grandson is still a baby .
I m surrounded by linguaphiles !
I m surrounded by linguaphiles !
Puerto Rico is not a sovereign state .
He is at home .
I can t calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors .
They warned the ship about the danger .
They will not pass !
The others can t be bothered .
Do you know where he lives ?
Cold and dry splendid sunshine what beautiful winter weather !
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain climbing .
I didn t participate in the conversation .
I wish all those an unhurried night who want a revision of the existing copyright laws but actually all the others too .
Oh ! Seriously ?
I must help her .
The telephone was invented in by Bell .
What happened then ?
He hadn t eaten in two days .
He can t distinguish between left and right .
Come on let us talk about flowers .
He is good at football .
I come from Colombia .
It s in the internet so it must be true .
Friday is housewarming party !
I screwed up the very first note .
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence .
He seduced her with his didgeridoo .
I hope you practiced your flute solo !
In the late th century Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States .
She was a tiny girl but she really held her own on the baritone sax . Nonetheless I couldn t help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor .
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe .
During the th century the Ryukyu Kingdom was a tributary state of Imperial China .
During the Great Game Afghanistan was a buffer state .
Saxophonists often double on flutes which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments .
During the th century Manchukuo was a puppet state .
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo .
Trombones it may be fun to go wild but try not to blat the notes .
I play the tenor saxophone .
I bet you d never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up ! Anyway it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late s .
I wouldn t ask this of you if it weren t important .
Woe to the vanquished .
These flowers you see are roses .
Rain is water falling from clouds .
Our topic of the week is .
Let s find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic add them to the following list and translate them .
Their plan sounds interesting to me .
They were marooned on a desert isle .
They were marooned on a desert isle .
My dad gives me a weekly allowance that I use to buy comics and ice cream .
Susan I m sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I m just not interested .
Ryoko has a cute little face .
I ve never heard of the actor .
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan .
I visited many parts of England .
How high is Mt . Fuji ?
Back then people communicated using smoke signals .
She worked hard .
His plan was discarded .
My teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare .
Is there anybody who can drive a car ?
Is there someone that can drive ?
Can anyone drive ?
The meeting was called off .
Somebody has stolen my suitcase .
He is my type !
He brought us sad news .
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man .
It is definite that he will go to America .
He ll definitely go to the U .S .
Have you worked the puzzle out ?
I bought two pairs of trousers .
She grows tomatoes in her garden .
I can t afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo .
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China Japan and in every land of the world .
He came five minutes behind the appointed time .
I can t tell you how to pronounce the word .
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering .
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering .
In Asian culture it s customary to take one s shoes off before entering a house or temple .
She got all dolled up for her big date .
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door .
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation .
The leaves fell to the earth .
You must return the book to him .
Can you play any musical instruments ?
It was nice to converse with her .
The television doesn t work .
Did you hear the click ?
The dancer s every move was perfect .
What time do you usually get up ?
You don t like love stories do you ?
A hungry pig dreams of acorns .
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura .
I waited for five hours .
He is a member of the parochial board .
Who are you ?
I find that it s typical for him to come too late .
The dog chased the rabbit .
There are people drowning in debt .
I would really like to know why he did something like that .
I don t trust him any more .
I arrived just now .
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour .
I m sure that he ll succeed .
We lived there a long time by the river .
Jane and I play the piano well .
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba .
Express yourself as clearly as possible .
He s running very quickly .
What exactly happened there ?
Many of our pioneers are still alive . . . but alas many of them aren t alive any more .
No one listened to me .
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher .
I m tired of translating .
What do you have to lose by asking her out on a date ? A little pride maybe ?
When are you going to get married ?
I ll be your first patient .
He has been to Hokkaido .
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month .
He is not from Hokkaido .
You must go through with your plan .
Don t deceive me .
It s true .
That s true .
I need a doctor !
Can I enter a sentence in French ?
It was just a joke . Lighten up !
The cat arched its back and stretched itself .
If geometry is the science of space what is the science of time ?
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour .
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery looking glass eye .
The space race was an exciting time in history .
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back .
Parents try to impress upon their children the importance of honesty and hard work .
I give up . What do an Irish priest and Congolese witch doctor have in common ?
The room was jam packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin .
Don t get sassy with me young lady !
It s very big of you to admit you re wrong .
When Dad finds out what you ve done he s going to hit the roof .
I m going to run a couple of errands . Wanna tag along ?
Oh how we laughed !
The best hairdressers are gay .
You must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place .
His brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life .
Is it really worth it ?
Now shake hands and make up .
If you don t have anything nice to say don t say anything at all .
There is a strike .
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm .
They didn t act quickly .
Here and now .
I shouldn t have told you anything .
Nancy never fails to arrive on time .
Test pilots are constantly tempting fate .
These books are not fit for young readers .
She gave birth to a baby boy .
She gave away all her dolls .
They gave a series of concerts .
I gather that they ll agree with us .
The teacher gathered his students around him .
They gave a big party for me .
They furnished the library with new books .
We furnished the refugees with blankets .
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture .
She freshened herself up before supper .
I am fully convinced of your innocence .
She fumbled with a piece of paper .
He founded the school five years ago .
The teacher made him stay after school .
I looked around but saw nobody .
Her father made her tell him everything .
Miss Ito made her students work hard .
Kate made her family leave home .
He made good use of the opportunity .
He made good use of the money .
The boy made fun of the girl .
I m looking for a small suitcase .
He made fun of me in public .
They made fun of Jack s haircut .
The situation is improving so cheer up !
He continued reading the book .
We go to school to study .
We made fun of him about this .
She made fun of her husband .
He made friends with her in America .
I am a citizen of Sapporo .
He is known as a great poet .
This sangza is really good !
She made faces at that woman .
Alice smiled .
Birds fly .
The birds sang .
Birds sing .
Check please .
Drive safely .
Flowers bloom .
Follow him .
Get out !
Get away !
Go away .
Go away !
God exists .
Have fun .
He s strong .
I understand .
I ll attend .
I ll pay .
I m full .
I am okay .
I m OK .
Please shut the door .
You look tired .
The skies are clear .
She kept on working .
How is everyone ?
Don t be disappointed .
We really enjoyed ourselves .
You re kidding !
I m not a student .
I am not a student .
Did Cathy go too ?
Mike speaks good Japanese .
This is your key .
That s a pheasant .
That isn t fair .
Is anyone absent today ?
Speaking English isn t easy .
Don t touch it .
I m busy .
I m very busy .
I am very busy .
He loves traveling .
Ken likes camping .
Mary understands Chinese .
I continued singing .
I ll admit I m wrong .
How rude of you !
Tom walked Kate home .
It s an easy victory .
Yes . That s right .
She hated her husband .
Lucy is from America .
I m bad at sports .
Tom is my friend .
Let s play baseball !
She cried bitterly .
Tom lost his job .
We re in a hurry .
Maybe you ll succeed .
We re in a hurry .
Shake my hand .
I met Ken yesterday .
No I didn t go .
Carlos waited a moment .
Let s go !
Let s go !
Take whichever you want .
I m Helen Cartwright s daughter .
Who drew it ?
We sometimes meet them .
Do as you please .
See you later !
I think I can .
Ken has a guitar .
Tell me the truth .
Please leave .
Nancy likes music .
Hasn t Kate arrived yet ?
The crow flew away .
It s a nice day .
Maria has long hair .
That s very big .
Lucy sometimes visits May .
He climbed the stairs .
Green suits Alice .
I really am unlucky !
I ve quit drinking beer .
Unfortunately she is absent .
He must love you .
Let s start the party .
Please show me around .
Whose turn is it ?
It s your move .
He likes playing soccer .
He likes playing football .
She has beautiful handwriting .
I retired last year .
I ll drive you home .
He is very kind .
That s a book .
I m Susan Greene .
Don t give up English .
Don t quit English .
That s a good question .
I ve lost my ticket .
Be nice to Ann .
He traveled on business .
I took Highway .
Who wrote Hamlet ?
Mike swims very well .
I have an opinion .
I arrived here yesterday .
He began to shout .
Jim is Canadian .
I turned the doorknob .
It s snowing .
Please close the door .
Let s take a bus .
I ll attend the meeting .
We sometimes see them .
My father went fishing .
This book will do .
Days are getting longer .
Ken collects old coins .
I m crazy about football .
I know those women .
Don t stand near me .
I ll stay home .
Are you happy ?
I ve gotten better .
Look behind you .
We re ready to leave .
It rained yesterday .
They call me Bob .
Sadako smiled at them .
I ll do it .
For what purpose ?
Mike sings well .
Bob saw him again .
Let s begin .
Let s start !
Let s get started .
Thomas make some effort !
Aoi became a dancer .
Let me see it .
Let me see that .
Gimme a look see .
Let me have a look .
Nancy studied hard .
He heard a shout .
Here we are !
I ll eat here .
Choose your favorite racket .
There s a car coming .
Which tooth hurts ?
Bring me the magazines .
There s no more salt .
She likes oranges .
Please choose one person .
He raised his hand .
Please open the bottle .
Good morning Mike .
She is very clever .
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years .
This place gives me a really bad vibe .
I ll be back in a jiffy .
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars .
I have a pair of shoes .
It is imperative for you to act at once .
It is imperative for you to act at once .
Please get dressed .
But I m not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody .
Our plans for the summer are taking shape .
Electricity made candles of little use in our life .
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late .
Bill will return next week .
He didn t hear his name called .
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can .
She can t make up her mind whether to get a job or to go on to college .
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it .
He has all kinds of books .
I don t care what color ink just bring me a pen .
This is not a sentence .
He forgot that he bought her a present .
The tie doesn t go with my suit .
Are you planning to take part in the meeting ?
The train was crowded with people .
This city is meters above sea level .
Our school library is small but new .
As I am busy I cannot go .
All my cakes are delicious !
He is playing in his room .
They made a great effort to settle the problem .
The women work in a restaurant .
She doesn t like soccer .
The strike affected the nation s economy .
The strike affected the nation s economy .
He helped me to get over the difficulties .
He looks old but he is still in his twenties .
He looks old but he hasn t reached yet .
He ll never beat me .
I heard her singing .
He had a shower before breakfast .
It s the truth .
I would like to have a cup of coffee .
It is not easy to write in chalk .
He wanted to succeed even at the cost of his health .
Let me know the time you are leaving .
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow .
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow .
I don t remember where I bought it .
I haven t seen him for years .
What did you do with your camera ?
Don t run risks .
The drug problem is international .
She and I were in the same class in middle school .
Are you Japanese ?
Everyone paired off and began dancing .
This computer runs on batteries .
Rub out these words with your eraser .
I don t know when my mother will come back .
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad ?
I am sorry to have kept you waiting .
I don t want to live alone .
That box is made of wood .
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang .
This is new .
Don t you know what happened yesterday ?
It s now your turn .
It s now your turn .
Within two hours the sun had set .
I hope he ll wait for me .
I hope he will wait for me .
Can you solve this problem ?
Don t be shy .
He stepped into my space .
Twenty five years after Chernobyl milk mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine .
To err is human . To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human .
Everyone knows the law .
Translation is the language of Europe .
Italian television is useless .
You re still too young to get a driver s license .
I ve gained weight .
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents .
I forget what it s about .
He died three years ago .
Let s take a picture for memory s sake .
All of Steve s jobs were boring or not well paid or both .
Where did you get the money to buy that dress ?
I love Monday !
I intend to go there .
I plan to go there .
He is absorbed in his research .
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind the tightrope walker fell to his death .
The common language of many anime is subtitles .
I was an honest man until .
We took a wrong turn .
Jesus loves you .
Many Asians have English as a common language .
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table .
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table .
I met him while he was coming home .
I met him while I was coming home .
I met him on his way home .
I met him on my way home .
Shizuko composed a poem about the change of the seasons .
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies .
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders .
It s too big .
It s too large .
Come along with us .
My nickname is Itch . 
That s my problem .
He can read well .
He can read well enough .
I ll be seeing you .
Please do that .
He asked after you .
That s a nice coat .
It s frozen hard .
Did you call ?
Will Jane sing ?
Carol lives in Chicago .
Betty killed her .
She turned eighty one .
This is surprising .
But you re not there .
These shoes are hers .
I ve seen that .
Whose fault is it ?
This is Jane s bag .
She s correct for sure .
That s a good plan .
Clearly you are mistaken .
I want something sweet .
It tastes really good .
The rumor isn t true .
I want this camera .
I have many abilities .
Fancy meeting you here !
Grace looked angry .
Jane plays tennis too .
He loves her .
I love movies .
Green suits you .
Please speak more loudly .
I ll eat it here .
Lucy likes playing tennis .
It s nearly three o clock .
Nancy has a piano .
I m walking with her .
Leave my car alone .
Leave my car alone .
When can we eat ?
Mary is tall .
How complex is it ?
Have a good Christmas .
Lincoln died in .
Don t touch my camera .
Mary plays the piano .
I saw him running .
Ken is happy .
I said that .
Everyone please be quiet .
The clock has stopped .
That s a shame .
His concert was great .
Where is Tom s classroom ?
That s a good idea .
That s not Jack s fault .
It s business .
She was wearing pumps .
I ll get in .
Fred kicked a ball .
They hated Tom .
Please don t ask .
Try it once more .
Try it again .
I want that bag .
It s okay to go .
Those are my pants .
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan .
I think so .
She decided to resign .
They are bitter enemies .
I ll scold him .
Anne has many admirers .
He s eating an apple .
We require your help .
He s a big boy .
Police shouldn t take bribes .
Where s the boss ?
I m serious .
See you then .
I don t know her .
Let s eat sushi .
The dog is dying .
Jane looks happy .
I m sorry .
What is Ken eating ?
It s my job .
It s impossible .
Peter loves Jane .
Do come in please .
Please come in .
Come again any time .
I ll study your report .
This is Mike s bicycle .
Tom swims very fast .
Certainly she is correct .
Can you really not swim ?
OK . I agree .
How is the weather ?
Nancy looks so tired .
I met your girlfriend .
I met Mary yesterday .
Aoi s hobby is dancing .
Anne accepted Henry s proposal .
We elected James chairman .
Wait just a moment .
Am I wrong ?
Where s the nearest drugstore ?
It s free .
What s that bird called ?
What is the name of that bird ?
He s accustomed to traveling .
Are these your things ?
That s my favorite chair .
My father loves pizza .
I appreciate your cooperation .
She caught colds often .
He is alone .
Here is a book .
There s a book here .
The sky is clear .
Christmas is soon right ?
She was appointed chairperson .
There are no problems .
That s absolutely right .
You re joking !
Don t interrupt our conversation .
Ken lit the candles .
How was your weekend ?
No one knows .
Now it s your serve .
Which book is better ?
That is your book .
Speak clearly .
We ve arrived .
He killed that man .
That dog is big .
Nancy enjoys indoor games .
Wait a moment .
Ann came downstairs .
Come if you can .
I can t find Tim .
You look bored .
She looked away .
They re ignoring me .
Mary can speak Japanese .
How are you Tom ?
Bob was very happy .
She wept bitterly .
Stop or I ll shoot .
She kept working .
I m from Sapporo .
Most Americans like hamburgers .
Where is the pain ?
Say it clearly .
Please think about it .
Has anything changed ?
Hey you ! Please wait .
She slapped his face .
Did Spot go too ?
Nancy smiled happily .
It s your book .
Tom hurt himself .
You should apologize .
What will you make ?
Peter looks very young .
Everyone was happy .
That s a great poem .
This is the end .
I m being patient .
Give me the book .
I ll take this umbrella .
Please drive carefully .
Ann has many friends .
We enjoyed playing baseball .
He hates Nancy .
Tom was fired .
They always skip school .
They skip school all the time .
She s my classmate .
What re you saying ?
Anyway you ll never know .
Anyone can do that .
I support you whole heartedly .
I ll sue you .
Prices have dropped recently .
Please keep it secret .
David is very active .
Fish is cheap today .
He s my older brother .
Ken wasn t running .
Everybody laughed at Jack .
Deal us the cards .
Choose whichever you like .
Did something happen ?
Has something happened ?
He was brave .
His plan is dangerous !
When will you leave ?
I borrow money .
Can you really swim ?
Please wish me luck .
How about you ?
How about you ?
Everything went black .
The experiment was successful .
You re quite right .
Mike smiled .
She s my sister .
I know him .
Let me go alone .
Make it smaller .
We are boys .
Those are my trousers .
Everyone attacked my opinion .
Let s meet again soon .
Playing tennis is a lot of fun .
Playing tennis is fun .
I ll be watching you .
Who telephoned Ann ?
Jane looks very happy .
He looks strong .
I sometimes watch TV .
What s in this bag ?
Tom frowned .
Aren t you Tom ?
She grew roses .
Betty killed her mother .
It s gotten better .
He never drinks alcohol .
What happened to him ?
What has happened to him ?
It s lunch time .
It s time to eat lunch .
Take it easy .
Take it easy .
Christmas is December th .
What a strong wind !
Do you like it ?
I ll pay the bill .
That factory makes toys .
I m a night owl .
We ve just finished breakfast .
Let s not watch TV .
He likes fishing .
I m behind him .
Jane is out shopping .
Don t worry about it .
Catch a signal .
I often catch colds .
The area was quiet .
I am from Shizuoka .
That s an imitation .
Those dogs are big .
I expect your help .
Tom likes to knit .
Christmas is soon .
Christmas is coming .
We took turns driving the car .
We took turns driving .
Please let me go .
Fill it up .
Jack isn t here .
They are very big .
This is Mary s dog .
Hitomi looked very happy .
He neglected his duties .
Jane comes from Australia .
Let s fly a kite .
I m studying English drama .
He raised his hands .
I m very happy .
She s eating an apple .
Oh ! That s too bad .
He sometimes watches TV .
She calls me Kenji .
He became a pianist .
He struck a match .
Keep going straight .
We elected him chairman .
Of course .
Nobody was injured .
It s fairly warm today .
Why did you quit ?
I can play tennis .
She s in the restroom .
He shut the door .
Please be quiet .
I m a hero .
Stop joking around .
Jack collects stamps .
We immediately became friends .
Carlos climbed the mountain .
Keep your eyes open .
He lied to us .
Mary spoke Japanese slowly .
What s your home address ?
This bicycle is mine .
This is Tony s book .
I love parties .
Nancy seldom smiles .
My album is here .
My eyes hurt .
How I ve missed you !
I m very hungry .
Once again .
George was broken hearted .
This rose is beautiful .
Is that pure gold ?
English is third period .
Kate keeps a dog .
You d better go .
I have a cough .
She was promoted .
Isn t it black ?
Lock the gate .
Are you Japanese ?
Does she like oranges ?
I played tennis .
It s a good question .
He was very patient .
Mary came in .
She may come .
She may come .
My stomach s full .
My stomach s full .
Meg sometimes annoys Ken .
Tom likes hot curry .
This is Kenji s chair .
Today was fun .
She might come .
Kate has a cold .
What s she doing ?
Tom is absent .
Brian kept Kate waiting .
Prices went up .
I have three cameras .
He catches colds very easily .
He catches colds easily .
I m just looking .
She s Tom s younger sister .
Please sit down .
I m completely exhausted .
Tom likes swimming .
Meg talks too much .
Is this your pen ?
I want to drive .
I must go now .
Birds lay eggs .
Nancy is from London .
Tracy lost her glasses .
She s a quiet person .
How are you Mike ?
Please allow me to go .
Please let me go .
Allow me to go .
Where is my watch ?
This desk is mine .
Are these books Kenji s ?
Aoi dances very well .
Aoi dances well .
That s crazy .
It s nothing serious .
We re eating apples .
Watch your step .
Watch your step .
Mastering English is difficult .
Don t tell anyone this .
Can you find it ?
Tom looks pale .
Let s take a look .
He likes to watch TV .
He likes watching TV .
George is quite talkative .
Betty drives fast .
I don t like movies .
Please keep this secret .
These dogs are big .
This is your book .
Here is your book .
They re already here .
Don t touch these .
That s too bad .
I don t like her .
Complaining won t change anything .
The boys kept quiet .
I visited Tony yesterday .
I asked him point blank .
I call him Mike .
Do you want anything ?
I m feeling fit .
Get out of here .
He doesn t like coffee .
That s good isn t it ?
I think I m right .
She loves Tom .
I called Tom up .
Those flowers have died .
I dislike being alone .
I m very hungry now .
Mariko speaks English well .
I am coming .
I came .
I eat here .
What are you doing ?
What do you make ?
Lemons are sour .
Has Mike quit drinking ?
Wood burns .
I m so happy .
How long is this ?
Doctor cure me .
Finally it s Friday .
The house is burning .
I live in this neighborhood .
I live near here .
Tomorrow is Mother s Day .
I ve had enough .
I ve had enough .
I ve won first prize !
I know you will .
We kept them quiet .
I like jazz music .
I like jazz .
Express your idea clearly .
He loves trains .
Is Bob right ?
Let s go by bus .
Tom doesn t like cheese .
He wrote the report .
He often quotes Milton .
It s very cold .
There s been an accident .
That was years ago .
He drives very fast .
I wish she were alive now .
In the U .S . you have the option when you enter a restaurant to sit in the smoking or non smoking section .
You d better be careful not to catch cold .
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese .
I am grateful to them .
I m an anthropology research student and my topic is Chinese medicine in Britain .
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below I would be extremely grateful .
When using this information I will of course follow your requirements .
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine .
Please reply in Chinese or English .
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing ?
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK ?
What are your reasons for practising Chinese medicine in the UK ?
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine ?
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in ?
Please provide contact details .
Please specify any conditions you have for the use of this information .
What s your full name ?
The garden is in front of the house .
I usually get up at eight o clock .
He stood me up I waited all evening for him !
This chair is made of plastic .
Would you please have a look at these papers ?
I am Hungarian .
I d gladly pay more for something if it s of high quality .
I hate you .
April is the national minority health month .
Winners don t use drugs .
Just say no .
Say no to drugs .
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn t wake the baby .
There are two kinds of fox spirits good fox and bad fox .
His observations are sharp but he doesn t say much .
I would so love to see you .
He s already too far away to hear us .
Gotcha !
Did you know that this is a question ?
Did you know that this is a sentence ?
You should have warned him sooner .
I waited for her for a really long time .
I waited for her forever .
Why are you so mad ?
Why are you guys so angry ?
How much did the glasses cost ?
 What time is it now ? It s o clock . 
I really like French cooking .
I need many books .
I need a lot of books .
It s safe to say so .
This is the lady who wants to see you .
Her idea is better than yours .
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it .
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it .
I can t undo it .
We must respect other people s privacy .
Give some meat to the dog .
He gives some meat to the dog .
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did ?
She is pleased at her success .
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds .
I m all ears .
Women eat lighter meals when they re eating with a guy .
One out of women doesn t realize she s pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy .
Blondes earn more than women with any other hair color .
Grease the waffle maker .
I work for you .
Let s go out and eat dinner together from time to time .
I ve been in China for less than a month .
When using this information I will follow any conditions you specify whether that s anonymity or giving detailed reference .
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next .
I hate ticks !
A beard does not make a philosopher .
A beard doesn t make a philosopher .
I have a spare today .
It is not enough to do good one must also do it well .
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance .
 Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state a splendid affair of eternal standing .
I m disappointed that I wasn t able to go with her .
I regret that I couldn t go with her .
Why are you crying ?
Why did you cry ?
What are you crying for ?
Other people s expectations affect how we behave .
I don t like teachers who like students who don t like asking questions .
We played tennis yesterday .
The mind should be a good servant but the heart should be the master .
He gave me a good piece of advice .
She is not as young as she looks .
In places where it snows a lot kerosene is an indispensable item .
That is a criminal offense and you will surely be punished !
You d better go to bed at once .
I want to do spring cleaning .
It has been ten years since he died .
The missing cat has not been found yet .
Where does she live now ?
I m proud of my son .
The Pope has no right to marry .
Keep in mind that you must die .
Something wrong ?
I remember last summer s adventure .
The minimum wage in Okinawa is yen per hour .
The tsunami alert was cancelled .
I did not lose my mind I sold it on eBay .
The Seine flows through Paris .
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion .
Who was the letter written to ?
She s neither rich nor famous .
A fallen tree blocked the road .
With you it s summer all year round .
Once in a while we should take a step back and think .
Waste not a single grain of rice !
The dog was sleeping on the mat .
George was broken hearted .
This is difficult to believe .
He would often come to see us when I was a child .
It appears that she had a nice time at the party .
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read .
The Tigers lost the game which was a surprise to us .
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another .
The third quarter GNP growth was over the preceding quarter .
Ever since she fell in the kitchen she hasn t been all there .
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started .
The students were for the most part from the West Coast .
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond .
He said he did not know the man which was a lie .
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator .
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble .
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century .
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident .
Evan is just a little boy . How should he know what to do ?
I m glad that they fixed the heating system but now it s too hot .
You should not have lent the money to such a person .
The Prime Minister s speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties .
He was an excellent scientist and what is more was a great poet .
Mrs . Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan .
She s popular not because she s beautiful but because she s kind to everyone .
He and his wife tried to work out their problems but couldn t .
There s a lot of trash on the far bank of the river .
I m a stranger here myself . I m afraid I can t help you .
She went over the list to see if her name was there .
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days ?
He always left the problem of his children s education to his wife .
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men s hair .
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me .
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain .
A bookstore in that location wouldn t make enough money to survive .
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father .
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence .
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence .
According to my calculation she should be in India by now .
According to newspaper reports there was an airplane accident last evening .
According to the guidebook this is the best restaurant around here .
According to the newspaper there was a big fire last night .
A change of air will do you a lot of good .
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already .
A couch potato is something that I don t want to be .
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake .
A few days after his thirteenth birthday Tony left school too .
A few years ago our room had little furniture in it .
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying .
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so .
Afraid of hurting his feelings I didn t tell him the truth .
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard .
A friend of mine came to see me during the day .
After a couple of drinks the guy was feeling no pain .
After a long argument I finally persuaded her to go camping .
After climbing Mt . Fuji I got the inspiration for a poem .
After I cleaned the window I could see through it clearly .
After I talked with my teacher I decided to work hard .
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house .
After running up the hill I was completely out of breath .
After she had lunch she got ready to go out .
After she had read the letter she tore it to pieces .
After walking for an hour we stopped to take a rest .
After winning the Nobel prize she remained as modest as ever .
After you have read it give the book back to me .
A good many people have told me to take a holiday .
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground .
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while .
Alice might have been there yesterday but we didn t see her .
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success .
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast .
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice .
All of a sudden three dogs appeared in front of us .
All of us went to the theater to see a play .
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons .
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story .
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year .
All that I know is that he gave up the plan .
He is not so much a professor as a school teacher .
How far is it from the airport to the hotel ?
What do you think of the new movie ?
You ve overdone it .
You ve gone too far !
It s not easy to control the languages that you can speak !
 You want to travel to so many countries how do you plan to communicate with other people ? That is not a problem . I can speak Esperanto . 
It s just your imagination .
She was all kindness to everybody .
She was very kind to everyone .
Had I had enough money I would have bought that computer .
Perhaps he ll never become famous .
I like watching baseball games .
Which Buddhist school of thought do they belong to ?
Which schools is Buddhist thought divided into ?
I know those girls .
Well let s go .
Bob can cook .
That s not fair .
I quickly ate lunch .
It s a clear day .
I m young .
What s your occupation ?
I d like to go .
He likes anything sweet .
She answered in tears .
Tom can run fast .
He disregarded my advice .
Choose one person .
He called me Ichiro .
She didn t like her husband .
She disliked her husband .
Tom runs very fast .
It s a real bargain .
Jack doesn t drive fast .
I don t like Alice .
It s dangerous !
They re eating apples .
I ll personally visit you .
I like playing baseball .
It s very big .
Tom is a student .
That book was interesting .
I made her angry .
You should go .
Don t play baseball here .
Well let s get going !
Summer has ended .
Ann loves chocolate .
Can you come ?
He s stronger than you .
I ll drive to Detroit .
He hasn t come yet .
It s too loud .
That meat is chicken .
I m left handed .
It s almost six .
The train has arrived .
Let s synchronize our watches .
I ll reconsider the matter .
It s six o clock already .
I buy tapes .
His story sounds true .
I like red roses .
What s the weather like ?
It s my treat .
Tulips will bloom soon .
Jane has five handbags .
Does Toshio like Sachiko ?
Those apples are big .
She loves children .
I wasn t busy yesterday .
Swimming is easy .
The clock stopped .
Someone is watching you .
Someone is calling you .
What did you buy ?
You shouldn t go .
Where should we go ?
Ostriches can t fly .
There isn t any soap .
She hated him .
They studied English yesterday .
Tom s speech was excellent .
These containers are airtight .
I ll buy this .
Please leave right away .
Where is the mailbox ?
I like chocolate .
You should quit smoking .
He sat on the bench .
How was last weekend Nancy ?
I can t stand his arrogance .
He drives his own car .
Another Scotch and water please .
Hang up your coat please .
I always walk to school .
I can t do it either .
He s a high school student .
He must be the principal .
Bring me a dry towel .
Bring me something to eat .
He doesn t have any children .
He asked for some money .
Another bottle of wine please .
He whistled as he walked .
He has lost his job .
Have you ever visited Rome ?
He couldn t pass the examination .
He looks like his father .
Fasten your seat belt please .
He will be busy tomorrow .
How about playing chess tonight ?
Betty is a dancing teacher .
He majors in English literature .
He tried to kill himself .
He took off his overcoat .
He graduated from Tokyo University .
I called him up yesterday .
You re her daughters .
His lectures are very long .
Have you heard from Freddie ?
I couldn t make myself understood .
His new car is wonderful .
A beautiful sunset isn t it ?
He often walks to school .
Do you like black cats ?
Father is coming home tomorrow .
Bob came home very late .
Boys don t make any noise .
I arrived later than usual .
Do you have medical insurance ?
Hi Susan . How are you ?
I could hardly hear him .
He ignored his father s advice .
Can I see that one ?
Bring me today s paper please .
Did he pass the test ?
He will be free tomorrow .
He made an important discovery .
He doesn t altogether trust me .
He must be Tom s brother .
Can I use your pen ?
Do you meet him often ?
Do you eat out often ?
He left without saying goodbye .
He may have misunderstood you .
I couldn t get to sleep .
I couldn t sleep .
You should study harder .
You might meet him .
He studied for ten years .
Don t walk alone after dark .
He s very angry with you .
Could you take this please ?
Ann plays tennis very well .
I can t wait for you .
He introduced me to Sue .
He caught them stealing apples .
Henry wants to see you .
Carol returned to her hotel .
I agree with that opinion .
Are you free tomorrow evening ?
All Jack does is sleep .
All that Jack does is sleep .
You re driving too fast .
He prefers football to baseball .
You d better start now .
You d better not go .
Have you finished breakfast yet ?
Bill can ride a bicycle .
Cookie s mother died of cancer .
He took out his passport .
Her hobby is collecting stamps .
I can see the light .
He turned pale with fright .
How do you like Japan ?
Did you grade the tests ?
You shouldn t go out .
Helen this is my cousin .
He thanked me for coming .
He visited his uncle yesterday .
Have you finished your homework ?
He is good at driving .
I asked for Bob s help .
He lives somewhere about here .
He can drive a car .
I can understand him perfectly .
He is a famous composer .
Give me your opinion please .
Don t believe everything you hear .
Fred s house has five rooms .
Give us a ride downtown .
He has a good appetite .
Does she have a piano ?
Don t look down on others .
You shouldn t quit English .
He has gone to Hokkaido .
Don t worry . You ll make it .
He plays the guitar very well .
He plays the guitar well .
He complained about the noise .
He is taking a walk .
He s much taller than you .
Do you like playing volleyball ?
Algebra is my favorite subject .
Her older daughter is married .
Her oldest daughter got married .
Could you solve the problem ?
He arrived in time .
Have there been any changes ?
Did you cut the paper ?
He married a pretty girl .
Edison invented many useful things .
He will be back tomorrow .
Can you eat raw oysters ?
I can t stand that noise .
Ann finished painting the picture .
Has the mailman already come ?
He looked like a doctor .
Answer the telephone will you ?
Green looks good on Alice .
He got in English .
Do you know the reason ?
He is fluent in Chinese .
Could I have the check ?
He was playing the piano .
He objected to our plan .
Did he pass the exam ?
Haven t I seen you before ?
Haven t I met you before ?
I couldn t understand his ideas .
Ann likes to write poems .
For here or to go ?
He took off his glasses .
Bill is a baseball player .
Could you recommend another hotel ?
He looked over my report .
Don t leave the water running .
Do you like Mozart s music ?
I bought this camera yesterday .
He swam across the river .
He s eligible for the presidency .
Billy is good at sports .
Ann can t find a job .
Any child can do that .
I can t stand the noise .
I can t put up with this noise .
I can t stand this noise .
He walked past the house .
He made her a bookshelf .
Alice didn t see the dog .
Everybody looks up to Henry .
How can you say that ?
Can you play the piano ?
He moved into my neighborhood .
You shouldn t wait here .
He lost everything he owned .
He played baseball after school .
I m taller than you .
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday ?
Did you have a good time yesterday ?
He turned down my offer .
He keeps his room clean .
He is a friendly person .
I m good at tennis .
Don t talk in the classroom .
He s very good at guitar .
Can you weigh this please ?
Edison invented the electric lamp .
Aoi is a good dancer .
Can someone answer the telephone ?
Your suggestion seems reasonable .
Have you called her yet ?
Guess what he told me .
Do you really want it ?
He can speak Russian too .
He can also speak Russian .
He has a wonderful personality .
Drivers should wear seat belts .
Bill turned on the television .
Yumi studies English hard .
He put on clean trousers .
Fred is a lazy fellow .
He knocked on the door .
He s an excellent brain surgeon .
He called me a cab .
He called me a taxi .
Are you still collecting stamps ?
I agreed to the proposal .
He may come tomorrow afternoon .
How tall is your brother ?
How tall is your little brother ?
He hopes to go abroad .
Will you join us ?
Ann likes music very much .
He likes music very much .
Hanako likes cake very much .
Excuse me for interrupting you .
He continued working all day .
Dick had a traffic accident .
Could you cancel my reservation ?
He invited me to dinner .
Einstein loved playing the violin .
He showed me her picture .
I can t understand his feelings .
Christmas is soon isn t it ?
How about taking a rest ?
Can I have a bite ?
Did you get your wish ?
We made every effort to help him .
He will reach Hakodate tonight .
Everybody was singing except me .
Are you going or not ?
Could you turn it down ?
Can I use your pencil ?
May I use your pencil ?
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow .
I don t care what happens .
Get down on the floor !
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon ?
I can read Spanish easily .
He will play baseball tomorrow .
Be quiet all of you .
Each student has a locker .
Yumi has many books .
He arrived earlier than usual .
How long does it take ?
Hey guys please be quiet .
How can I reach you ?
I can t remember his name .
Flying a kite can be dangerous .
Flying kites can be dangerous .
Have you heard from him ?
I don t approve your decision .
Carol visited Boston last month .
You dropped your handkerchief .
Compare your translation with his .
Compare your answer with Tom s .
He returned from abroad yesterday .
Hold your horses young man .
Hold your horses young man .
Yes I know it .
Don t open this door please .
Brian is holding Kate s hands .
Do what he tells you .
I agree with his opinion .
I am counting on you .
A friend s coming over tomorrow .
He barely passed the examination .
He no longer lives here .
He doesn t live there anymore .
Do you have a fever ?
I am going to France in Summer this Year .
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night .
You understand don t you ?
Are you on the committee ?
Don t make fun of people .
He looked after the baby .
He has written a letter .
Are you going to sing ?
A typhoon is approaching Japan .
Betty can play the piano .
I am not a teacher .
He drank a lot yesterday .
He passed the entrance examination .
Have you ever loved a man ?
You are quite right .
He might not be happy .
Betty is watering the flowers .
He was born in Nagasaki .
He couldn t remember my address .
I didn t meet anyone there .
Fred is always telling lies .
He doesn t need to work .
Do you know Mr . Brown ?
He only had dollars .
Did he propose to you ?
He seldom goes to church .
Generally Japanese people are shy .
Yoko went shopping yesterday .
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful .
A nurse took my temperature .
He asked me a question .
He decided to marry her .
Ann doesn t have a sister .
He often eats breakfast there .
Don t hesitate to ask questions .
I attended the meeting yesterday .
He took a week off .
He often plays the guitar .
Don t you have any money ?
He is always forgetting things .
He s shorter than Tom .
Do you live in Sasayama ?
Call me at the office .
He s out taking a walk .
He was supposed to come .
Brian left the door open .
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday .
Choose the one you like .
Fill the bucket with water .
A dolphin is a mammal .
You make me happy .
Go back to your seat .
Give me something to eat .
Basho was the greatest poet .
Christmas is a special holiday .
I caught three fish yesterday .
He traveled around the country .
He left ten minutes ago .
Have you met her before ?
Don t go out after dark .
I agree to your proposal .
Hurry up ! We ll be late .
He ll be back home soon .
He narrowly escaped being killed .
I bought a good camera .
He finally got his wish .
Ann doesn t have any sisters .
Did you watch the game ?
He brought back several souvenirs .
Are you doing anything special ?
Can I see this one ?
His clothes always smell bad .
I couldn t remember their names .
I believe in exercising regularly .
His car is really cool .
Ann likes chocolate very much .
Beethoven was a great musician .
He wrote to his parents .
Can you get it repaired ?
He named his son James .
I didn t get his joke .
His brother studies very hard .
Bob is a nice person .
Children should obey their parents .
Didn t I tell you so ?
I m proud of you .
He pushed the emergency button .
Carol often watches horror movies .
Can anyone answer my question ?
He applied for the scholarship .
I bought her a watch .
He told us a lie .
I couldn t find his house .
Don t throw away this magazine .
I can t stand this heat .
He is angry with you .
He wrote to me yesterday .
Could you sign here please ?
Everything went according to plan .
He drinks too much beer .
You re lying aren t you ?
You look very dignified .
He came to my rescue .
He does speak well .
Bring me the newspaper please .
I can t find my glasses .
Give it to me please .
He agrees with my opinion .
He likes to travel by himself .
He likes to travel alone .
He prefers French to German .
He likes French more than German .
Don t believe what she says .
We speak that we do know and testify that we have seen and ye receive not our witness .
The price of gas is rising .
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy ?
The tree is green all year round .
It being Sunday the supermarket was very crowded .
If I lost my key I wouldn t be able to lock the door .
Grace has not come yet .
Don t beat around the bush .
He bought her a sweater .
He acted as my guide .
I caught a cold last month .
I went to Disneyland yesterday .
I laughed at his joke .
His joke killed me .
I wish I could go .
I have confidence in you .
I like movies a lot .
I will do my best .
I m afraid to go alone .
Mick named the baby Richard .
Linda stood up to sing .
I prefer tea to coffee .
I have a sore throat .
Mari and Maki are sisters .
He worked hard in order that his family might live in comfort .
He admitted his guilt .
I m hoping that will happen .
May I eat this orange ?
Karen is angry with me .
Jim is short for James .
I don t like artificial flowers .
I like tennis and golf .
I want more detailed information .
He hurt his left foot when he fell .
That s the same story as I heard when I was a child .
For many gay men coming out of the closet is a difficult experience .
We didn t have much rain last month .
You ll have to play it by ear at the interview .
I know what you mean .
Is it near your house ?
I heard an unusual sound .
May I borrow your car ?
Jane is the president s secretary .
I think that it s true .
I must be leaving now .
It is hardly worth discussing .
No one came except Mary .
I m not fond of her face .
I don t like her face .
I really do want that .
I vaguely remember meeting him .
I wish I were taller .
I don t want any more .
Let s get our photograph taken .
My grandfather is a carpenter .
May I run with you ?
Jill is engaged to Jack .
I paid about fifty dollars .
I eat breakfast every morning .
I m in love with her .
Jane is in serious trouble .
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday .
I like this color too .
The mechanic assembled the engine .
I like to play basketball .
My father runs a restaurant .
Medium rare and a potato please .
I wanted to go there .
I d rather stay than go .
I visited my grandmother s house .
I owe you ten dollars .
My grandfather gets up early .
Just put those packages anywhere .
My father sometimes goes abroad .
Ken is older than Seiko .
Let me say one thing .
I received her letter yesterday .
I ll try harder next time .
Mathematics is my favorite subject .
Isn t this weather just great !
It s already past ten o clock .
Lend me your book please .
I played with Tony yesterday .
Ken has never visited Kyoto .
Jane wrote the letter herself .
I ll treat you to sushi .
Let s play tennis after school .
I d rather stay at home .
I will try it again .
I think it won t succeed .
Let s visit some temples tomorrow .
She made elaborate preparations for the party .
Mommy may I go swimming ?
Mary closed the door quietly .
I walked up the hill .
Let s play tennis this afternoon .
I ll take care of it .
I m leaving for Canada tomorrow .
It s warm today isn t it ?
I heard him coming downstairs .
I only spent three dollars .
I d like some tea please .
My grandfather comes from Osaka .
I remember meeting her somewhere .
My uncle never writes letters .
I don t mind hot weather .
My brother became an engineer .
I need some good advice .
My sister s name is Patricia .
May I see your passport ?
I ll always remember your kindness .
Mary has just come home .
I made Ann a doll .
I made a doll for Ann .
I have a bad headache .
I don t quite follow you .
I ll give you this camera .
Jealousy made him do that .
 No way ! Yes yes way . 
I looked over my shoulder .
I was in Tokyo yesterday .
I ll make you a new suit .
I m in a hurry today .
I ll visit Mr . Brown tomorrow .
I want to go home .
My mother has good handwriting .
I shook hands with Jane .
I have finished my homework .
I would like mine rare .
My hobby is collecting stamps .
I worked hard last month .
I have to help my mother .
I must help my mother .
Let s go to the beach .
I want a lot more .
I want much more .
I don t have classes today .
I solved the problem easily .
It s clear that you re wrong .
I have no energy today .
Masako usually walks to school .
Mary is helping her mother .
Mike named his dog Spike .
My grandmother lives by herself .
Wherever she goes she is well liked .
Imports exceeded exports last year .
John broke the window yesterday .
It was a terrible day .
My grandfather is very healthy .
My father likes strong coffee .
It s been raining since morning .
I ve caught a bad cold .
Let s drive to the lake .
I would like your picture .
I ve finished watering the flowers .
I helped her wash dishes .
It is up to you .
It s up to you to decide .
Mathematics is Albert s favorite subject .
I hid under the table .
It ll soon be three o clock .
I ll be there right away .
I ll be there at once .
Mom can I go swimming ?
Ken is a football player .
Let him play your guitar .
I ll give you this pendant .
I wish I could swim .
Ken studied English last night .
Ken put on his clothes .
Mathematics is difficult for me .
I invited Jane to dinner .
Jane filled out an application .
I like tennis very much .
I m much younger than you .
May I ask some questions ?
Ken painted his bicycle white .
I ve finished reading that book .
I regret eating those oysters .
My father drives to work .
Mike can t play baseball well .
I have a stupid question .
It s hot today isn t it ?
No I didn t write it .
I ll lend you my notebook .
I work best under pressure .
Kim is dressed very attractively .
Let s go to the picnic .
My right hand is numb .
I understand your position perfectly .
I will come with you .
My brother likes horror movies .
She came here as soon as she heard it .
It s nothing to worry about .
I m playing a TV game .
I have a stomachache doctor .
I haven t seen Tom lately .
Mary arrived at the hospital .
I ll call you up tomorrow .
I want something to read .
Ken beat me at chess .
Mom is getting dinner ready .
My TV has quit working .
Lie on your right side .
I don t need your help .
I have no homework today .
I have been to India .
I m glad to hear that .
Martha is an excellent pianist .
Let s do it another time .
Let s do it another time .
Let me check your ticket .
I ll leave that to you .
I hope that John comes .
I ll come to your place .
He became more obstinate as he grew older .
Mary told John the secret .
I don t think he ll come .
I have a bad toothache .
Mary hurried to the hospital .
I ve been looking for you .
Kate made an apple pie .
Mayuko designed her own clothes .
Jack is interested in painting .
I saw Bob this morning .
I painted the gate blue .
I ve run out of money .
I ll never do this again .
My grades are above average .
I remember meeting you before .
Let s meet here again tomorrow .
It ll soon be six o clock .
I m anxious to see you .
Is ten thousand yen enough ?
I ll lend you this dictionary .
I will lend you this dictionary .
I missed the last train .
Maybe he won t become famous .
Mary likes milk very much .
Nobody likes being laughed at .
It s for you to decide .
I left the door open .
Miss Thomas teaches us history .
My sister resembles my grandmother .
Mary looks like her mother .
Let s call it a day .
I read an exciting story .
I ll give you a book .
I met your father yesterday .
Meg agreed to Ken s plan .
I wish I were rich .
I m sure that she s correct .
I m telling you the truth .
Mary loses her temper easily .
I got along with everybody .
It s obvious that she s sick .
I ll show you the way .
Lincoln set the slaves free .
I get up at six .
May I take your picture ?
I ll never see her again .
I think Ann loves Jack .
I haven t quite finished eating .
Is this your book Mike ?
I subscribe to two newspapers .
Ken calls me every day .
I m taking Spanish this semester .
It won t take so long .
I have already finished dinner .
I ve already eaten dinner .
It rained hard yesterday morning .
I m tired of watching television .
Many friends saw him off .
Jane swims better than Yumi .
I want you to go .
Jean and Kate are twins .
I remember mailing the letter .
I went shopping last Saturday .
I really enjoyed myself tonight .
My apartment is near here .
It s my CD isn t it ?
Ken is good at swimming .
I received your letter yesterday .
I ve already finished my homework .
I saw Christine here yesterday .
I m afraid I ve offended you .
It s been a long time .
I m listening to the radio .
I went there many times .
I will go on ahead .
I gave Mary a book .
Mike ran very fast yesterday .
I d like to go skiing .
Let s play baseball after school .
I saw Jessie standing there .
I m tired of your complaints .
She was holding an umbrella .
I heard him go out .
She was holding a small parasol in her hand .
The blue lines on the map represent rivers .
I was feeling blue all day .
She had a little money .
I m really surprised you got a prize .
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right .
This is the last time I ll ask you to do anything for me .
If there was no sun all the animals would be dead .
I m planning to study tonight .
Ken has a white dog .
Is it about ten o clock ?
I want something to drink .
I hear Robert is sick .
May I play the piano ?
I won t see her again .
Look at my new car .
I graduated from Kyoto University .
John is wrestling with Tom .
Mike likes to play basketball .
Mrs . Smith cleans that room .
Laura may have been sick .
Kate speaks English very fast .
I ll give you this money .
I m getting married next Sunday .
I m never late for school .
I ve finished writing the letter .
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting .
I envied his new house .
I will gladly help you .
Ken can swim can t he ?
Some of them are healthy but others are not .
My car s in the shop .
Let s clean our room .
I got up early yesterday .
She visits the dentist on a regular basis so she seldom gets toothaches .
I need a Japanese English dictionary .
Junko is a pretty girl .
It is getting lighter outside .
Let s play basketball after school .
I ve just finished breakfast .
My friends don t play tennis .
Is this a duty free shop ?
Ken is busy this afternoon .
Let s take a ten minute break .
My mother took my temperature .
I ll call you up later .
I will call you in a while .
I m looking for my pen .
I wish I were young .
Molly has a large clock .
Learning English is hard work .
My mother almost never complains .
Jane is sick in bed .
I ve caught a terrible cold .
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast .
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes .
No thank you . I m full .
I wish I were younger .
Ken runs faster than you .
It was beginning to snow .
It began to snow .
I ve got to go now .
I ve just started playing tennis .
Kate can hardly speak Chinese .
It s obvious that he lied .
I like pizza very much .
I m only thinking of you .
My friends call me Ken .
I wanted to surprise her .
Let s split the reward fifty fifty .
I like walking at night .
I really enjoyed your company .
I remember seeing her somewhere .
Let s meet at one o clock .
Mary helped her mother cook .
Is Jimmy writing a letter ?
My father drives very well .
I have just eaten lunch .
I paid in taxes .
I have to paint it .
Mari has been in Hungary .
I remember locking the door .
I have a high temperature .
Let s go to a movie .
I saw him run away .
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three .
It seems that he s happy .
Jane is talking with somebody .
I guess you are right .
I d like a receipt please .
My mother teaches flower arranging .
My mother hates writing letters .
I like reading American novels .
I d like an orange juice .
It s as cold as ice .
It ll cost about yen .
I m afraid it won t work .
Kate came home by bus .
I play volleyball a lot .
It s none of your business .
My sister lives near Yokohama .
Ken jumped over the wall .
I play in a band .
I ll see you next month .
Have you read this book already ?
Where is the coffee shop ?
What illness do I have ?
What disease do I have ?
Some people believe in ghosts .
You can call me Bob .
Ann always keeps her room clean .
Emi ordered herself a new dress .
The bell rings at eight .
Have you finished your lunch yet ?
What s Scotland like in summer ?
I made efforts to improve my grades .
They serve excellent food here .
Tom is interested in mountaineering .
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts .
Have you ever traveled by plane ?
Do you remember what she said ?
Because he s sick he can t come .
The moon is already out .
She can speak three languages .
Tom is an electrical engineer .
Switzerland is a beautiful country .
Give me something to write with .
Half of these apples are rotten .
He didn t mean to hurt you .
Frank majored in sociology at university .
They made fun of Mary .
Wash your face and hands .
What are your weekend plans ?
What re your plans for the weekend ?
We ate sandwiches for breakfast .
Bern is the capital of Switzerland .
That furniture is my mother s .
Peter is not in now .
He always keeps his room clean .
You could have done it .
They re all the same size .
Everyone in her class likes her .
May I have the check please ?
Could I have the bill please ?
He earns his living by writing .
Do you often hear from him ?
She didn t have much money .
She became drowsy after supper .
Tom was all worn out .
He advertised his house for sale .
Strawberries are in season now .
Where is the nearest subway station ?
Where s the nearest subway station ?
Which judge heard the case ?
He came to my office yesterday .
There s no need to apologize .
All of you did good work .
Carol will visit Miami next month .
Please make yourself at home .
He felt his heart beating fast .
She called me many times .
Could you please sign the register ?
He congratulated me on my success .
Can you give me some money ?
Please accept my sincere apologies .
Could you turn off the lights ?
Bill did not commit the crime .
Selling cars is my job .
Are you sure of your facts ?
Have you ever been to Nara ?
Even children can read this book .
Fred often comes late for class .
What sports do you like ?
Do you have any other questions ?
She married Tom last month .
Debbie is your school near here ?
This coat fits you perfectly .
You should eat more vegetables .
Do you have a driver s license ?
Do you have your driver s license ?
She gave me several books .
He doesn t like traveling by air .
She finished reading the letter .
Taro could you help me ?
This makes me very angry .
Which way is Central Park ?
Will he be here soon ?
He failed to follow our advice .
Please close the door quietly .
Yumi will become a teacher .
Can t you stay a little longer ?
There s a soccer match tomorrow .
The shooting started around noon .
The shooting started around noon .
Everyone in his family is tall .
Bob can drive a car too .
Have you seen my glasses anywhere ?
We ran down the hill .
He has just become a principal .
Change trains at the next station .
Are you finished with your work ?
Has she finished the book yet ?
You should have worked harder .
Could you call me tonight please ?
Could you show me this bag ?
She spent all afternoon cooking .
The air conditioner doesn t work .
Do what you think is right .
Do whatever you think is right .
Wash your hands before eating .
There s no need to hurry .
You don t have to eat it .
You don t have to eat .
You shouldn t have gone there .
Don t put books on the table .
That pasture is ten acres .
The red dress suited her .
She looked after the children .
Aoi is a very good dancer .
This isn t what I ordered .
You should see a doctor .
Could you please drive me home ?
Please take off your shoes .
Swimming is easy for me .
Don t blame the mistake on her .
Who painted this beautiful picture ?
Have you ever been to France ?
He did not eat anything yesterday .
Could you send me a brochure ?
Did you leave the window open ?
Have you read this book yet ?
Tom is growing a mustache .
Don t do anything like that again .
Why did you come here ?
Do you believe what he said ?
He calls her up every night .
She plays tennis every Sunday .
He comes here every three days .
The conference ended at five .
Give me a light would you ?
You shouldn t have done it .
We heard him come downstairs .
He arrived after the bell rang .
Have you heard about the accident ?
She speaks English very fluently .
She s fluent in English .
Tom kept talking all night .
Tell me what you want .
Stay out of the rain .
Stay out of the rain .
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation .
Can she endure a long trip ?
Did you watch TV last night ?
You may go home now .
Bobby may watch TV until .
The meeting lasted until .
Do you understand what I m saying ?
Turn the flame down low .
The man robbed her bag .
Do you know what I mean ?
Do you understand what I mean ?
Who told you the news ?
You re very brave aren t you ?
You re really brave aren t you ?
You are in my way .
You re in my way .
Today is my sister s birthday .
This message doesn t make sense .
Stand back from the rope .
A truck ran over our dog .
She studies English every day .
Are you brushing your teeth properly ?
He does well in physics .
I m feeling blue today .
I m in a bad mood today .
I ll wait till four o clock .
I ll wait until four o clock .
Fever flushed his cheeks .
I had a long talk with her .
I can t thank you enough .
I m extremely grateful to you .
Better late than never .
She always dresses in black .
She always wears black .
The street is slippery .
I had nan with tea for breakfast .
The damage will cost us a lot of money .
When we learn languages we learn fixed expressions .
Those present were all moved to tears .
Have you ever been to Canada ?
There s a saying that goes Fortune always comes in pairs . But there s another saying that says Fortune comes but never in pairs while misfortune always does . 
Only with wisdom can one distinguish between good and evil only with humility can one build a happy life .
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars the most beautiful thing in life is kindness .
Don t be afraid of having tigers for enemies be afraid of having pigs for friends .
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble ? I d close my eyes .
Please don t speak English when I am around OK ?
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems .
Quitting smoking is easy quitting you is too hard .
You can t please everybody because not everyone is human .
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity .
Don t fear being put upon . Fear instead being unable to help .
Even if one is to believe there is still a lie in the midst .
Real friendship doesn t mean that you will never run out of things to say but that you don t get embarrassed when you don t have anything to say .
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn t a problem but the problem is that I m poor .
What are you unhappy about ? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit .
Those two are exactly alike .
We start class at am but he came as early as o clock .
She was only when she graduated from university .
Have you heard from her recently ?
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started .
We start class at nine o clock but he didn t come until quarter past .
Last night my daughter didn t come home until half past one .
The thunder scared the children .
He didn t get a driving licence until he was twenty eight .
Are you staying at this hotel ?
Do you have a non smoking section ?
Could you check the tire pressure ?
Hang your coat on the hook .
She is a wonderful woman .
The clouds are getting darker .
Please add up the bill .
He could not answer that question .
Have you ever had food poisoning ?
What s your home phone number ?
Have they ever come on time ?
That s my younger sister s photograph .
That bridge is very beautiful .
Where is the nearest telephone box ?
Where s the nearest telephone booth ?
Would you like another apple ?
Susan left an hour ago .
This is Uncle Tom s farm .
Tom is good at cooking .
Did you enjoy your winter holidays ?
Do you have any light beer ?
Wine is made from grapes .
Tom gave me a pen .
They are having breakfast now .
We enjoyed singing songs together .
Will it be much longer ?
You d better not go out .
Are you planning to help them ?
What he said embarrassed me .
Are you going out with Sachiko ?
They live across the river .
He grows tomatoes in his garden .
You re on the right track .
You re on the right track .
You should have studied harder .
He goes to Karuizawa every year .
Where s the nearest travel agency ?
Today is my sixteenth birthday .
What time does boarding begin ?
He failed to answer the letter .
Dorothy sent him a nice present .
This car isn t worth repairing .
She attempted to kill herself .
Please pass me the salt .
The bridge is being repainted .
Summer vacation begins next Monday .
Have you eaten your lunch yet ?
Have you eaten lunch ?
You should have known better .
Where is the Japanese Embassy ?
Some people questioned his honesty .
I walked to school .
He comes back from Sydney today .
Have you turned in your report ?
Our school begins at eight thirty .
He drives a car doesn t he ?
You d better go by bus .
Are you students at this school ?
Do you have any Japanese magazines ?
Our train leaves at eight thirty .
There are almost no books .
Have you handed in your homework ?
He dropped in at the bookstore .
Could you wrap this separately please ?
You can take today off .
Have you ever eaten Japanese food ?
Tom isn t watching TV now .
Do you know what he said ?
The truth ?
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible .
He rang me up at midnight .
You should take care not to catch cold .
It is clearly shown in Johnson s investigation that passive smoking is very harmful .
When you re done with the book put it back where you found it .
Please fill this water bottle .
We play football every Saturday .
You were late weren t you ?
Where is the nearest station ?
Who s your most interesting friend ?
Who are your most interesting friends ?
She always smiles at me .
Any student can answer that question .
Shake the bottle before using .
Don t argue with an idiot or else people might not be sure which of you is really the idiot .
Prices have gone up these three months .
The job looked quite simple but it took me a week .
Please forgive my asking such a personal question .
Prices have gone up these three months .
Jessie accepted the invitation at once .
He cut some branches off the tree .
This damp match won t light .
When I opened the curtains it was snowing .
What kind of man was he ?
If I knew that I d tell you .
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor .
Who was that you were with last night ?
She doesn t need to work .
You alone can do it but you can t do it alone .
Give me a bottle of wine .
The soccer game is tomorrow .
Have you finished reading the book ?
Could you call a doctor please ?
We celebrate Christmas every year .
Physics is my favorite subject .
The pianist played two encores .
Why did you do that ?
Feel free to ask any questions .
Father bought me a new bicycle .
She ll love her husband forever .
Have you done all your homework ?
He divorced his wife last month .
There s nothing good on television .
He denied having written to me .
The bride looked very beautiful .
Why are you angry with him ?
She eats nothing but vegetables .
Where are you from Karen ?
He advised her to stop drinking .
Brian went to school with Kate .
They are very big apples .
Tell me which you want .
Your work is below average .
It seems that Mr . Tanaka has taken his exam .
He doesn t know English at all .
What does your aunt do ?
Bob will be home at six .
Don t put it on my desk .
Have you washed the car yet ?
Did you see him go out ?
They named their child Thomas .
Please bring me my bill .
Children love playing on the beach .
Have you heard from him recently ?
Please send us more information .
She finally reached the hotel .
Could we have a table outside ?
She talked as she walked .
Speaking English is a lot of fun .
Speaking in English is fun .
It s fun to speak in English .
Bill is on the editorial staff .
The policemen arrested the burglar .
This is all I know .
Can you lend me yen ?
Yumi speaks English very well .
Our house is conveniently located .
You should wear a coat .
Dick plans to go by himself .
What are you doing here ?
You should study English harder .
They are discussing the problem .
She cooked the dinner herself .
He drank three bottles of beer .
Do you really believe in ghosts ?
There are no comments yet .
She was washing the dishes .
He asked me to help him .
She sat on the bench .
Tom will go there tomorrow .
Take the oranges out of the fridge .
Do you know where these equations come from ?
Add meat .
Let s go to eat .
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam .
This book is very thick .
The Polish language is involved .
At last she solved the problem .
They re digging a hole .
They didn t obey their parents .
That incident made him famous .
He does nothing but read comics .
This vending machine isn t working .
Do you plan to stay long ?
Would you like to drink anything ?
Would you like a drink ?
She hasn t come yet .
The children were flying kites .
You can use this car .
You may use this car .
There s nothing I can do .
She was susceptible to colds .
Do you subscribe to any magazines ?
Everybody knows that he is honest .
Do you have school on Saturdays ?
You d better not wait here .
Could you put this coat somewhere ?
She is a pretty girl .
He explained his plans in detail .
They waited for their teacher .
Damon showed me his stamp album .
Could you show me that necktie ?
You can have this watch for nothing .
He drove the truck to Dallas .
She isn t a good cook .
Can your brother drive a car ?
Tears ran down Alice s cheeks .
Have you read today s paper yet ?
Have you been to London before ?
She liked him right off .
Are you going to school tomorrow ?
Tom is engaged to Ruth .
He broke the window on purpose .
Tom is a good worker .
Amy wants something new to wear .
I m very happy now .
Were you at home yesterday ?
Please tell me your name .
She folded her handkerchief neatly .
Could you please autograph this book ?
Have you ever climbed Mt . Aso ?
Have you ever been to America ?
The class begins at .
Do what you think is best .
Have you ever tried scuba diving ?
Have you washed your hands yet ?
He looks down on women .
Your letter made me happy .
When will you go out ?
Did she show you the picture ?
Tom applied for the job .
Please put on your shoes .
Please put your shoes on .
You can count on Jack .
They named their daughter Helen .
They have announced their engagement .
Akiko has some friends in France .
He didn t respond to my question .
It so happened that they were not there .
Where is the ticket office ?
Dick is sometimes late for school .
Prices have been climbing steadily .
She is about my age .
She gave me a present .
She s good at handling children .
She s good at handling children .
Does anyone want some more pie ?
Does she know your phone number ?
He always quarrels with his wife .
There is a large supermarket .
I want to eat a Dapanji !
You should have seen it .
He came to see you yesterday .
She gave me a watch .
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow .
She left for London yesterday .
Please come whenever you like .
Please lend me your knife .
She wore a beautiful dress .
Alice went to bed at ten .
Bill often goes to the park .
She was in a hurry .
George hit him in the stomach .
The nail tore his jacket .
They re minutes behind schedule .
We import tea from India .
See you at the party .
When the body is touched receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins .
The first airplane flew in for twelve seconds .
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight .
He has good eyesight .
I m sorry to have kept you waiting so long .
She was so scared that she couldn t speak .
The notice in the park said Keep off the grass .
Mountains are not necessarily green .
How arrogant !
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns .
After you get to the traffic lights turn right .
Tomorrow I ll go out with friends after having lunch .
I ate three pieces of cake .
I only slept for three hours .
If you ve only slept for three hours you certainly won t do well in the exam .
Once you ve done your homework for an hour you can watch TV .
The weather is cold now .
I don t smoke any more .
She s a doctor now .
He can drive a car now .
You ve had eleven bottles of beer !
He s been asleep for ten hours now .
I ve only been online for ten minutes .
Can you make it ?
I can t see !
You can t buy apples any more !
Apples have sold out !
This dog is a crossbreed .
Tea was introduced from China .
He keeps his youth by jogging .
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow .
Do you need to work on Sunday ?
I bought it last week .
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue .
Do you play a musical instrument ?
Nobody would listen to me .
You must answer these questions .
Have you ever visited Kyoto before ?
This place is famous for its scenic beauty .
Everyone who knew him admired him .
She does nothing but complain .
You like it don t you ?
Please go to the bank .
Are you related to the Nagashimas ?
Susan shined her father s shoes .
Susan polished her father s shoes .
Do you want anything to eat ?
We have a big supermarket .
Don t you want to go out ?
Where do you have pain ?
Did you enjoy the party yesterday ?
Give me something to write on .
Bob can answer all the questions .
She asked me a question .
We discussed the plan yesterday .
You ve given me good advice .
They are high school students .
This problem is worth discussing .
Did you pay for the book ?
He came home three hours later .
Bob lost interest in rock music .
The doctor examined my throat .
Remember to mail this letter .
He asked his friends for help .
Take a deep breath please .
The soldier groaned with pain .
This really is great weather .
This dog eats almost anything .
Tom was late for dinner .
Did you find the book interesting ?
Alice wasn t listening to her sister .
Do you have any smaller sizes ?
He borrowed money from his friend .
The girl resembled her mother .
Your manners aren t very good .
Your manners aren t very good .
Everyone was invited except for me .
Could you do me a favor ?
This book is really interesting .
Don t worry about such a thing .
Something s wrong with my camera .
Something s wrong with my camera .
Water is important for people .
She graduated from Kobe University .
They named their baby Jane .
You d better consult your doctor .
We didn t stay home yesterday .
Sue is an American student .
Did you go out last night ?
Ann loves chocolate more than anything .
The boy is wearing glasses .
She was accepted to Harvard .
Bob must have had an accident .
Are you through with your homework ?
She was accepted by Harvard .
She and I are classmates .
Carol gets up early every morning .
Could you help us after school ?
Where did you go yesterday ?
The police arrested the suspect .
They won t come until tomorrow .
They won t come until tomorrow .
When are you coming home ?
He told the truth .
He entered the army .
Everybody in the village knew him .
Will you drive me home ?
That s none of your business .
Yutaka has two elder brothers .
They armed themselves with guns .
Did he go to see Mary ?
He died soon after the accident .
My house is close to a bus stop .
They called him a coward .
Have you eaten your dinner already ?
Even a child can understand that .
We watched them play baseball .
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen .
We made friends with them .
Who is your English teacher ?
Thank you for your invitation .
Sydney is far from here .
After supper she cleared the table .
Do you have anything to declare ?
Do you plan to go overseas ?
What made you so angry ?
Have you found your contact lenses ?
Did you find your contact lenses ?
Thank you for your cooperation .
Bring me a bucket of water .
Fill in your name and address .
Patty is a smart student .
He doesn t know much about Japan .
She goes to night school .
Please remember what he said .
Everyone said that I was wrong .
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy .
Thanks to the favorable wind we soon reached the island .
We have nothing in common .
He bought his daughter a dress .
You should consult your doctor .
You should begin right away .
Bob is in the drama club .
Don t forget to sign your name .
Were you out last night ?
What happened to you yesterday ?
You should do that soon .
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people .
Do you want to come along ?
Tom came home early yesterday .
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido ?
You should have introduced yourself .
You can t live without water .
He found me a good seat .
They laughed at my idea .
Can you come for dinner tonight ?
I don t like studying in this heat .
Single or double room ?
He was a big man called Little John .
You should have done so .
They dropped out of school .
Clean the dirt off the mirror .
He cheated on the biology exam .
He doesn t come here every day .
You should have visited Kyoto .
Could you bring me some water ?
We call our dog Johnnie .
He has no chance of succeeding .
He had an accident at work .
What are you doing tonight ?
The traffic light turned green .
There were lots of people .
She always keeps her promises .
Can t you discount it a little ?
Are you free on Friday afternoon ?
She smiled at her baby .
I competed with him for the championship .
What s in front of you ?
Did she come here to relax ?
Thank you for inviting me .
Everyone hoped that she would win .
I don t drink alcohol .
I can t drink alcohol .
The best fish smell when they are three days old .
In other words he betrayed us .
I paid double the sum .
I laid myself on the grass .
They will send us lumber .
His mother is worried about him .
Are there any books under the desk ?
Are there any books under the desk ?
He stayed in New York for three weeks .
He asked me to pass him the salt .
They love that song .
Hand in a bibliography of your sources .
I am a Muslim .
I want to see him very much .
China is twenty times as large as Japan .
I can t find him anywhere .
We are not going on vacation .
He sang some old songs .
I am patiently listening but I don t feel interested .
This isn t money .
I don t drink water .
I study at school .
She s a blue eyed Chinese Muslim .
She is upset .
He is always a little irritable in the morning .
He had two sons who became doctors .
If you don t understand ask .
You have only to ask for it .
They have eyes but they do not see ears and they do not hear .
Lend me your dictionary please .
My brother always gets up earlier than I .
I don t have a stamp collection but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him .
He caught me by the arm .
He s studying Chinese .
He was blinded in an accident .
I learned a lot from him .
I can t play the piano but she can .
My brother swims every day in summer .
It was during the ice age that the saber toothed tiger became extinct .
She is popular not because she is beautiful but because she is kind to everyone .
Recycling paper is very important .
He gave a detailed description of the accident .
I am a Muslim .
You look pale today .
You should go .
Sewage often pollutes the ocean .
She s determined to become a secretary .
He doesn t drink enough breast milk .
What is your date of birth ?
Children really like playing on the beach .
You never get my jokes .
May I see the telephone directory ?
She broke the cup too .
I have never heard her say No .
He is daydreaming .
Bill lives near the sea .
He always takes sides with her .
He always takes sides with her .
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth .
Don t step on the broken glass .
Be sure to come at .
Do you believe that God exists ?
Tomorrow is my day off .
You don t have any money .
He has dozens of English books .
Thanks for coming over tonight .
It was yesterday that she went .
You should rewrite this sentence .
We enjoyed ourselves very much .
What symptoms do you have ?
Are you allergic to any medicine ?
The problem was very difficult .
Taro speaks English doesn t he ?
She was dressed in wool .
The dog s name is Ken .
What time was she born ?
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower ?
Yumi will not play tennis .
She takes private piano lessons .
The manager approved our plan .
Has she finished her work yet ?
Tom found me a taxi .
George s sister made me some sandwiches .
Nothing ever makes him angry .
Did Tom help his mother yesterday ?
You d better not go today .
Don t throw rocks into the river .
A burglar broke into his house .
Do you want to be rich ?
Why do you work here ?
Thank you I ve had enough .
He ate a box of chocolates .
You made a wise choice .
Who told you the story ?
He began to eat his breakfast .
The baby cried all night .
Please turn down the radio .
He blamed me for the accident .
This dictionary is my sister s .
Both of my brothers are married .
They didn t keep their promise .
She can hardly speak Japanese .
Is the snake alive or dead ?
Do you have a larger size ?
Do you have a double room ?
Can you think of something better ?
Bob and Mary play the recorder .
They are all college students .
Tom is interested in mathematics .
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon ?
He disguised himself as a woman .
He drank a cup of coffee .
In March many flowers come out .
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday .
She teaches reading and writing .
Have you ever climbed Mt . Yari ?
Are you taking any medicine regularly ?
You should go in person .
This book isn t worth reading .
He didn t agree to my proposal .
Ellen likes to play tennis too .
She must have been sick .
She gave him a watch .
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for you are with me your rod and your staff they comfort me .
The other grasped his arm .
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles .
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them .
The patient is steadily recovering .
The world today needs to advance its production of food .
You should be more careful .
Pizza is my favorite food .
The patient is steadily recovering .
You can bank on that .
Real men drink tea .
You can bank on that .
Tomorrow is my birthday .
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow .
What s the forecast for tomorrow ?
May I be excused from tomorrow s class ?
The assistant took the money .
The assistant kept .
Can we roller skate in this park ?
After the assistant returned to each one each man had actually paid only .
Please say it more loudly .
I ll be free all day tomorrow .
You re too drunk to drive .
Not even one taxi stopped .
These dresses are too large .
Tom is always watching television .
He cleaned his room on Sunday .
The imports from Asian countries have expanded recently .
Your tie has come undone .
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe .
Asia is much larger than Australia .
Are there any messages for me ?
Why do you need it ?
Has he finished his homework yet ?
People of Asia must work together .
Tom and I are friends .
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again .
What s the fare to Liverpool ?
Please turn on the radio .
Did you actually see the accident ?
You didn t need to hurry .
She left here right away .
She opened the letter quickly .
You have done very well .
She bit into the apple .
She took a bite of the apple .
She handed him the key .
The telephone rang several times .
Do you offer any all day tours ?
She studied Japanese after dinner .
America is a country of immigrants .
She is a quiet woman .
What are you doing now ?
Where is the ticket window ?
Please show me your bag .
Can I have something to eat ?
Tell me what to do .
Try to keep from crying .
Ted likes playing the trumpet .
People should do their best .
Have you ever seen him swimming ?
They are leaving Japan tomorrow .
He did not accept their invitation .
Akira is good at playing tennis .
Bob filled the pot with water .
This is your only chance .
The policeman arrested the burglar .
Have you ever seen a UFO ?
Grab a hold of the rope .
She went for a walk .
Would you close the window ?
Don t enter the room without permission .
I went out with my friends .
It was with my friends that I went out .
I studied Chinese in Beijing .
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese .
I study Chinese in Beijing .
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant .
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant .
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday .
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend .
Today I came to work by car .
I wrote this letter in French .
He found out this information online .
It was my grandfather that told me that story .
He was interested in me .
Did you go to London that day ?
Who was it that he phoned ?
Was it in May that I was born ?
It wasn t in Paris that we met .
My wallet wasn t stolen by him .
I sell clothing online .
It was online that I sold the clothes .
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese .
It s Friday and so we have to perform our prayers .
They go camping every summer .
It s just five in the morning but nevertheless it is light out .
This is my favourite project .
All he said was true .
We are looking for a nice house to live in .
He seems to be ill .
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked .
It s very easy to miss this kind of mistake .
We celebrate November as Tatoeba day because it is the day when Turkish Esperanto and Greek were added .
It s the only thing I can think of .
The prince succeeded to the throne .
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night .
This medicine does not have side effects .
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out .
This class consists of boys and girls .
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system .
Do you think you could make a little less noise ?
What s the weather like today ?
He always wanted to study Japanese .
Don t be late for school again .
Roll up your right sleeve .
He has been in Hokkaido before .
Tom is in the house .
Tom is in the house .
Could you write it down please ?
Can I use my medical insurance ?
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind .
Don t let anyone enter the room .
You can come with me .
Have you answered that letter yet ?
The meeting lasted two hours .
What s your schedule for tomorrow ?
Do you feel any better today ?
Tom likes to play baseball .
That novel isn t for children .
Our team won the game .
She couldn t answer the question .
That was an excellent putt .
Watch my camera for me .
The doctor examined the patients .
This book is very interesting .
Do you have any cough medicine ?
Bee stings can be very painful .
She may well say so .
He never misses reading the papers every day .
You are always as busy as a bee .
Do you have anything to say ?
Somebody is playing the piano .
Pass me the wine please .
Bob seldom writes to his parents .
You re Tom s friend aren t you ?
Does your father get home early ?
Steve did not come home .
Yumi studied English last night .
You d better go in person .
You should have come yesterday .
This medicine will help you .
Can I go swimming this afternoon ?
I will be with you tonight .
The girl resembles her mother .
All of the students were present .
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate .
Do you feel like going swimming ?
He can t speak English can he ?
Yoko speaks English doesn t she ?
That red dress suited her .
We still have more time .
She isn t at home now .
Please write with a pencil .
He did not accept my apologies .
At night we usually go bowling .
Ann often plays tennis after school .
Are you free in the afternoon ?
Susan enjoys listening to music .
Is this hat yours ?
He s a goal keeper .
The pyramids were built in ancient times .
Don t fail to mail this letter .
Everyone is here except for him .
Tom is a good person .
There s a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt .
He can speak a little English .
Give me three pieces of salmon .
She s older than Tom .
Your dress is very nice .
I like summer the best .
Perhaps she will come tomorrow .
Put on your good shoes .
Have you ever gone to Paris ?
What he did wasn t wrong .
Please leave everything to me .
We have time to spare .
He bought me a new dictionary .
Have you cleaned your room yet ?
She always buys expensive clothes .
She s a very interesting person .
Your view is too optimistic .
We talked about yesterday s test .
Eric is on our soccer team .
Please say it once more .
What an idiot I am !
Where does your uncle live ?
Did you go to school yesterday ?
A woman s hair is long her tongue is longer .
He has a liking for modern music .
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly .
Your face is familiar to me .
Please turn off the television .
You should not go alone .
She usually gets up early .
Do you know who he is ?
Your driver s license has expired .
She was busy with household work .
She was busy with housework .
They called off their engagement .
What are you looking at ?
What are you staring at ?
What are you reading ?
Would you like to go ?
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert .
She spoke through an interpreter .
He denies having broken the window .
All of my friends like soccer .
Elephants live in Asia and Africa .
That affair made him famous .
Write on every other line .
What I m saying is true .
Don t move or I ll shoot you .
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning .
His speech inspired all the boys .
I have not finished breakfast yet .
I like summer better than winter .
He pressed the button and waited .
He is anxious to see you .
I changed trains at Ueno Station .
He was willing to help others .
Hiromi is wearing a new dress .
I have absolute trust in you .
I haven t seen her since then .
Her hair is streaked with gray .
He kept me waiting all morning .
He practiced every day at home .
He is used to making speeches .
I don t care if it snows .
I often play soccer after school .
I handed the mike to him .
He invested his money in stocks .
He introduced his daughter to me .
Her hair is long and beautiful .
He made his son a chair .
I often played tennis with her .
I don t quite agree with you .
He lives alone in an apartment .
How do you pronounce your name ?
He used to read at night .
He s very good at playing guitar .
I asked him for a favor .
I got a letter from her .
I met her on campus yesterday .
I have just returned from Britain .
I invited them to the party .
I go to bed very early .
I asked the doctor some questions .
He plays the violin very well .
I am almost centimeters tall .
I often go downtown on Sunday .
I have already changed my clothes .
I don t like swimming in pools .
I have no idea where she lives .
I don t know where she lives .
I don t get what you mean .
How much sugar do you use ?
I asked Mike to help me .
How tall is your youngest brother ?
How did you enjoy the concert ?
He told us to keep quiet .
I bet he will get mad .
He promised to come and didn t .
He painted the door over white .
How long is your spring vacation ?
He ll be back by five o clock .
I don t know anything about him .
I can t understand this at all .
I have always kept my promises .
I like to watch baseball games .
How many rackets do you have ?
He has to repair the clock .
I have a new red car .
He pretended to be a doctor .
I have been busy since yesterday .
I have eight brothers and sisters .
I have eight siblings .
He s used to speaking in public .
He is used to speaking in public .
I had intended to go there .
He lives just around the corner .
He lives just around the corner .
Hiromi is wearing a new dress .
He is allergic to house dust .
How much money do you have ?
He likes to listen to the radio .
He likes listening to the radio .
He likes to listen to the radio .
He likes listening to the radio .
He is old enough to drive .
He left high school at seventeen .
Be quiet or the baby will wake up .
I will go there even if it rains .
How about eating out this evening ?
He knocked on the closed door .
I have already washed the dishes .
I don t care what he does .
How about calling it a day ?
I don t feel like eating anything .
He wants a book to read .
I must finish this work first .
He was playing tennis all day .
He played tennis all day long .
I can t keep up with you .
He loses his temper quite easily .
He was determined to go abroad .
He died content with his life .
We elected her chairperson .
Seldom do I see him .
Do you have small change with you ?
Her heart flowed with gratitude .
Should I go to college ?
The Italians often drink coffee .
He was arrested for drunken driving .
How about going to the movies ?
I have nothing to complain about .
Help yourself to anything you like .
I got on the wrong bus .
He took a trip to Europe .
He wishes to become a doctor .
I couldn t stand looking at it .
I mistook him for Mr . Brown .
Help yourself to more potato chips .
I can barely stand his behavior .
His clothes are out of fashion .
He was injured in the accident .
I don t know much about computers .
Her mother is writing a letter .
I haven t seen you for ages .
He remained single all his life .
I didn t believe him at first .
I often play tennis after school .
I didn t get along with her .
I could hardly keep from laughing .
I did not play tennis yesterday .
I haven t seen Tom since .
He sipped the hot coffee slowly .
I heard someone call my name .
I heard someone calling my name .
I have already finished the job .
I met a friend of Mary s .
He is hard to deal with .
I don t know where he lives .
I asked her a difficult question .
I feel comfortable in his company .
He is studying at Kyoto University .
I know that Mike likes basketball .
I invited Ken Bill and Yumi .
He lives next door to us .
How about another piece of cake ?
I mistook Ann for her sister .
I have finished cleaning my room .
He played the part of Hamlet .
How old is your oldest son ?
I bought a pair of shoes .
He looks like a good boy .
I forgot to telephone him today .
I hit him in the belly .
I often go to the movies .
He poured cold water over himself .
I have a lot of homework .
He s in charge of the department .
How about going out for dinner ?
He told us an interesting story .
I haven t finished my homework yet .
I have not finished my homework yet .
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking .
He hasn t written the letter yet .
I asked her for a date .
How many books do you have ?
He works every day except Sunday .
I got this bicycle for nothing .
I go by the nickname Itch . 
I got on the wrong train .
I have a surprise for you .
I have already finished this book .
I have already finished reading this book .
I ve already finished reading this book .
He sent me some American magazines .
I had a lot of fun .
I caught up with them soon .
I don t see much of him .
I don t meet him so often .
He swims better than I do .
How about another cup of coffee ?
Is one thousand yen enough ?
He is a student at Harvard .
I have already read today s paper .
He looks just like his mother .
He is in trouble .
I love you more than anyone else .
I like coffee better than tea .
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so .
A thousand dollars is a large sum .
I am going out this afternoon .
He should have been more careful .
I often play tennis on Sunday .
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party .
Her father passed away last week .
Suppose you had a thousand dollars what would you do with it ?
I have already done my homework .
He shook hands with his friend .
He wants to go to America .
I helped him with his homework .
How long have you been here ?
He stayed there for three days .
I asked him about the accident .
I like winter better than summer .
He s three years older than me .
How did you like the party ?
I love my grandmother very much .
How long have you been abroad ?
Now that we are at nearly the same level we can start learning some piano duets .
The bell has not rung yet .
English is spoken in America .
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday .
May I borrow your bike ?
She s just jealous of your youth .
These days it snows quite a lot .
 No way ! Way . 
May I have a talk with you ?
I need a new pair of shoes .
I can t eat raw eggs they must be cooked .
I know what he did .
Whichever way we choose will involve danger .
I may have made a mistake .
It is difficult to understand his theory .
It s difficult to understand his theory .
We don t know whether he can come or not .
I have one brother and two sisters .
Your son has come of age .
I lent him a CD .
Tony speaks English as well as you .
You shouldn t eat here .
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude .
That ship crossed the equator yesterday .
It is by this reason that he left school .
What is the theme of his latest novel ?
He left Tokyo for Osaka .
Most boys like baseball .
Let s cross the street .
The teacher confiscated a student s phone because he was texting in class .
If it is fine tomorrow we ll go on a picnic .
I do not know what to do to get through this month .
That suits me all right .
His death was a great loss to our firm .
His cottage is on the coast .
She has a cottage by the sea .
There was a cottage on the side of the hill .
There was a cottage on the side of the hill .
There was a cottage on the side of the hill .
The old cottage has a certain charm about it .
The cottage was clean and tidy .
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water .
There is a cottage beyond the bridge .
We headed for the mountain cottage .
I saw a cottage in the distance .
I forgot it in the garage .
They cleaned everything from the basement to the attic .
They have a very nice veranda .
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship .
He passed his property on to his son .
He promised me he would be here at six .
She doesn t get outdoors much .
Kelly carries the news department .
The food tasted slightly of garlic .
He was seen to go upstairs .
Sensing danger he ran away .
They must have arrived home by this time .
We are late .
He makes his living by singing .
He wants you to stay here .
His room was covered with dust .
He was forced to work overtime .
I can run faster than Ken .
I changed my address last month .
I had to work overtime yesterday .
I haven t seen him since then .
I don t feel like eating sushi .
He looks old for his age .
I didn t mean to do that .
I need something to write with .
He often goes abroad on business .
How about going out for lunch ?
I know the girl playing tennis .
I love going to the movies .
I like this color as well .
He painted all the walls green .
I often went fishing with him .
He seldom gives his wife presents .
He must have missed the train .
He may become a baseball player .
He sent a card to Mary .
I left earlier than my sister .
How long is the Rainbow Bridge ?
I want you to work harder .
I expect you to work harder .
How long have you known Jack ?
I couldn t agree with his opinion .
I have a reservation for tonight .
I didn t study at all yesterday .
How about something cold to drink ?
He s often mistaken for a student .
I feel like eating something sweet .
He is always losing his umbrella .
Her mother knocked on the door .
I invited my friends to dinner .
He wants to go to Africa .
He thought of a good solution .
He will not listen to me .
I heard Jill play the piano .
I explained the reason in detail .
His brother is always watching TV .
I mistook him for his brother .
He mistook me for my mother .
Hey you ! What are you doing ?
How often do the buses run ?
I bought a new sewing machine .
He rarely stays home on Sunday .
He took Jane out for dinner .
His mother is an English teacher .
I can t play tennis very well .
He presented her with a doll .
I missed you very much yesterday .
I have always kept my word .
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays .
How did you like Linda s concert ?
I have enjoyed reading this novel .
I didn t recognize him at first .
His new novel is worth reading .
He must finish his homework today .
He s interested in many things .
I began playing golf years ago .
He walks his dog every morning .
I have just finished my homework .
He works at the welfare office .
I know that Nancy likes music .
I am looking forward to Christmas .
He is responsible for the accident .
How come you didn t say anything ?
How come you didn t say anything ?
I have never heard her sing .
He sent the letter back unopened .
I have visited Kyoto three times .
He was jealous of my success .
Helen is playing in the yard .
He sat next to the stream .
He treats me like his slave .
I heard the children s happy voices .
I am very interested in French .
He ll be glad to see you .
He is married with two children .
I go to church every day .
I asked a policeman for directions .
I cut myself shaving this morning .
We heard him come downstairs .
I don t care what they say .
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow .
He is likely to arrive soon .
I gave my brother a dictionary .
He sent me a birthday card .
He visited many countries in Asia .
I confessed to stealing the money .
He looks older than my brother .
He was leaning against the wall .
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal .
I have never been to Hiroshima .
How many pictures did you buy ?
How many pictures did you buy ?
I heard the front doorbell ring .
He is a very thoughtful person .
His house is across the street .
I hope that John will come .
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here .
What are your plans for tonight ?
I did nothing during the holidays .
His house is across from mine .
He speaks both English and French .
I couldn t understand him at first .
He is not likely to succeed .
I can t bend my right arm .
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off .
He tried speaking French to us .
He was standing behind the door .
How about going for a drive ?
How do I get to Chinatown ?
He works for an advertising agency .
He pretended not to hear me .
He was named after his grandfather .
I changed trains at Tokyo Station .
His son was expelled from school .
He took a walk before breakfast .
His uncle died five years ago .
He traveled around the world .
He traveled all over the world .
I found the work very interesting .
He used to get up early .
How did you enjoy the party ?
How many languages can you speak ?
He showed interest in the plan .
He often drives his father s car .
I asked Ken to help me .
He wouldn t listen to my advice .
I haven t eaten anything since yesterday .
I have no intention of resigning .
He wrote down the telephone number .
He is absent from school today .
His horse jumped over the fence .
I often go sailing on weekends .
He was accused of stealing money .
I am not frightened of anything .
I like both dogs and cats .
How many children do you have ?
He patted me on the shoulder .
His house was struck by lightning .
How are you feeling this morning ?
I explained the process to him .
I know your brother very well .
How about some more roast beef ?
He skis in Hokkaido every winter .
He introduced me to his parents .
He hasn t actually been to America .
He lives just across the road .
I can swim across the river .
He s always running short of cash .
He s always running short of cash .
He went to Boston by car .
He s popular with the students .
I ordered a book from London .
I heard her singing a song .
I like spring better than fall .
I looked for him in the supermarket .
He runs as fast as you .
Her husband is an excellent cook .
How is your work coming along ?
I m not a bit tired .
He was watching TV last night .
He helped me do my homework .
He painted a picture of roses .
Helen came to Japan last year .
He lived abroad for many years .
He is flying to Paris tomorrow .
I have no secrets from you .
He is studying at his desk .
I haven t heard that story yet .
How often did you visit Kyoto ?
He sold his business and retired .
I made him carry the suitcase .
He was very friendly to everybody .
He was busy with his homework .
I have a slight fever today .
I didn t have to study yesterday .
He won t make it to old age .
He won t live a long life .
He made a few grammatical mistakes .
I accompanied her on the piano .
I could answer all the questions .
He ordered a cup of tea .
He sometimes makes dinner for us .
I go shopping every other day .
I have a slight headache today .
He walked in the park yesterday .
He is studying law at Harvard .
Hopefully we ll enjoy our China trip .
I can t lift my right arm .
He is much older than Ken .
I met him at the station .
He is rather hard to please .
How s the weather in New York ?
He was sleeping under the tree .
I don t feel like working today .
I feel better today than yesterday .
He majored in drama at college .
His mother was a school teacher .
He likes to build model planes .
I have a good appetite today .
Her father is an excellent pianist .
He wouldn t look at my proposal .
He wouldn t look at my proposal .
I have something to tell you .
I have a job for you .
He hasn t come already has he ?
He put on the black coat .
I don t believe that ghosts exist .
He will play golf next Sunday .
Hurry up Martin . We re already late !
His opinions aren t worth listening to .
How many apples do you want ?
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow .
He often eats fish for dinner .
How much is the bus fare ?
How many kids do you have ?
He put on the red jacket .
He works from Monday to Friday .
I borrowed money from my father .
He hid himself behind the door .
I filled the bucket with water .
Hokkaido is very far isn t it ?
Help yourself to whatever you like .
Help yourself to whatever you like .
I hope it ll be fine tomorrow .
I feel like going out today .
I heard it on the radio .
I heard it on the radio .
I have never been there myself .
He s bound to notice your mistake .
I have mixed feelings about this .
He mistook me for an Englishman .
He started going bald quite young .
He married a very pretty girl .
I found the bed quite comfortable .
How are your parents getting along ?
He pretended not to be listening .
I haven t seen you in ages .
He was the first to come .
I caught him stealing the money .
I bought a dozen pencils today .
He is just pulling your leg .
He stole money from her wallet .
I almost forgot all about that .
I grew up in the country .
He is taller than his brother .
He is taller than his little brother .
I caught him stealing the camera .
I don t remember mailing the letter .
I attempted to solve the problem .
He teaches English to his friends .
I got this bicycle for free .
I like going to watch baseball .
I don t understand German at all .
I can t find my umbrella anywhere .
Helen visits her uncle every Sunday .
He s always at home on Sundays .
I gave my sister a dictionary .
He s good at flying kites .
He wants something cold to drink .
I like oranges better than apples .
He is a famous baseball player .
Her mother passed away last year .
He is always asking for money .
He really wants to meet you .
I expect you to be punctual .
I asked each boy three questions .
I expect a lot from him .
I don t have the address now .
I don t have the address now .
I met Jane the other day .
I allowed Kate to go home .
He went to Nagoya on business .
How do you go to school ?
I ve been learning to drive .
I bought a red sports car .
I have already had my breakfast .
I like Sachiko better than Akiko .
Hurry . Please lend me a hand .
He never speaks unless spoken to .
I found the book very interesting .
He told me an interesting story .
I ate lunch in a hurry .
Supposedly his father once betrayed China .
She was feeling kind of tired .
It was a lot of fun .
I usually have a light breakfast .
She is not afraid of anything .
I m not about to marry Suzie .
She plays the piano very well .
She was afraid to travel alone .
Not a single person arrived late .
My grandfather is in his nineties .
She filled her bag with apples .
She saw herself in the mirror .
I was invited to their wedding .
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle .
I ll leave this work to you .
I thought his opinion was relevant .
We all caught flu and so did the teacher .
I wrote down her phone number .
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is ?
She was so tired that she couldn t walk .
The burglar shut the child in the closet .
Jenny thanked me for the gift .
I work for a shipping company .
Please help yourself to some fruit .
I ve been to Australia three times .
He set out on his historic voyage .
Our baseball team is very strong .
My friends invited me to dinner .
Let s take turns rowing the boat .
Please serve him his meal first .
It was not very cold yesterday .
My grandfather lived to be ninety .
I ll come as often as possible .
I wrote down that telephone number .
She mistook my brother for me .
I usually wear jeans on Sunday .
She was hit by a car .
It s been raining since last night .
My father can fly an airplane .
She worked from morning till night .
Someone must ve stolen your watch .
Jane wanted an ice cream cone .
She rarely goes out on Sundays .
I visit him every other day .
I waited for her to speak .
I am not always free on Sundays .
I m not always free on Sundays .
Steve received a letter from Jane .
None of the money is yours .
One of my bags is missing .
I wish I could help you .
John and Ann like each other .
James was caught in a shower .
She was frequently late for school .
She was often late for school .
It s likely to snow this evening .
She translated it word for word .
She really wants to lose weight .
She didn t tell me her secret .
She has always lived in Otaru .
She is busy preparing supper now .
My father died four years ago .
I m always busy with my homework .
Something is wrong with the brakes .
It s impossible to go out now .
My father has never been abroad .
Please help me clean the house .
Of course she can speak English .
I m invited to Claudia s party tonight .
I m sick and tired of hamburgers .
I m sick and tired of hamburgers .
May I have a napkin please ?
She should have been more careful .
She has an eye for beauty .
She introduced me to her brother .
My briefcase is full of papers .
I work every day but Sunday .
Jim s father always comes home late .
I will never forget your kindness .
I m sorry to have disturbed you .
I m sorry to bother you .
She has broken the toaster again .
I m at Narita Airport right now .
It seems that he knows everything .
My uncle gave me his car .
Ken talked with his friends yesterday .
She cooked vegetable soup for us .
My father is sweeping the garage .
I usually have breakfast at seven .
May I go to the bathroom ?
May I go to the restroom ?
She forgot to mail the letter .
She went to the hospital yesterday .
I play the guitar after dinner .
Mr . Sato practices archery on weekends .
I will do anything for you .
She was almost late for school .
I take care of my grandfather .
Somebody must care for the patient .
One roll of color film please .
I was offended by his behavior .
I wonder what happened to Paul .
I went to the hospital yesterday .
I want to eat out tonight .
I tried to change the subject .
I will follow you wherever you go .
I ll follow you wherever you go .
My plane leaves at six o clock .
In my opinion she is correct .
Please translate this sentence into Japanese .
She whispered something into his ear .
Please phone me before you come .
I m going to Europe next week .
I wish Jim would behave himself .
Pass me the salt would you ?
She ll almost certainly pass the test .
I will never see him again .
Please ask at the information desk .
She will be here this evening .
My hobby is collecting old toys .
May I have something to drink ?
She answered my letter right away .
Women really are quite dangerous . The more I think about this the more I m able to understand the reasoning behind face covering .
Idiot ! She s not being honest when she says she loves you . Haven t you figured it out yet ? She s just a gold digger .
All of them are just here to pick up girls .
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat .
Are you mad ?
Are you angry ?
Please don t run in the classroom .
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day .
I watch my weight very carefully .
No thank you . I ve had enough .
It was very hot this afternoon .
I m looking forward to seeing you .
Of course she passed the test .
She refused to accept the money .
Shine your shoes before going out .
She practiced the piano every day .
She poured brandy into the glasses .
I ll carry this suitcase for you .
She plays the violin very well .
It stopped snowing an hour ago .
I want something cold to drink .
I want to travel with you .
It wasn t clear what she meant .
My grandfather lived a long life .
I wish I had a car .
Iceland used to belong to Denmark .
I saw her enter the room .
Mrs . Hughes this is Peter Brown .
I ve had enough so my stomach is full .
I ve had enough of your boasts .
 Would you like any more ? No I ve had enough . 
I ve had enough already !
I ve had just about enough of her .
I ve had quite enough of his impudence .
I ll show you to the station .
She was coming down the stairs .
Show me a cheaper one please .
Let s get together again next year .
I m not very particular about food .
My grandmother can t see very well .
Steve goes to school with Kate .
Our school is fifty years old .
Is this your first trip abroad ?
Please make a milkshake for me .
I played catch with my father .
My father died of lung cancer .
Please take me to the hospital .
My brother can drive a car .
Many people were waiting in line .
She intended to become an actress .
I received a letter from her .
I relaxed at home last Sunday .
I wish to see my father .
She is doing her homework now .
It s OK not to eat it .
Ken must be home by now .
It has been cold since yesterday .
Mary showed the letter to me .
I m looking for my contact lens .
It will be fine this afternoon .
Please feel free to ask questions .
My aunt brought me some flowers .
My family goes skiing every winter .
My mother does not speak English .
She laid the work on him .
English is not hard to learn .
I used to take a walk every morning .
You can make your dream come true by working hard .
There were no radios in Japan in those days .
You should free those animals from the cage .
Can you describe the situation you were in ?
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature .
This clock is electric .
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth ?
She dusts the furniture every day .
She had the decency to apologize .
It wasn t a very interesting novel .
Open your book to page nine .
Jane is more attractive than Susan .
My brother is good at mathematics .
She left here in a hurry .
She doesn t care how she dresses .
It is ten minutes before eleven .
I will say something about it .
She went to the Takasu clinic .
I m just a plain office worker .
I m just a regular office worker .
It s very cold here in February .
Please show me the green shirt .
She identified him as the murderer .
I sometimes dream of my mother .
I wish it would stop raining .
Susan is majoring in American history .
It s said that she loves him .
Mary stayed up late last night .
Running is good for your health .
She may not come here tomorrow .
She made him a new suit .
I passed by her house yesterday .
She used to visit me regularly .
I will go to America tomorrow .
She spent the weekend by herself .
I ve never seen him wearing jeans .
I ll try to meet your wishes .
She cooked us a delicious dinner .
My opinion is different from yours .
She hopes to become a designer .
I d like to see your father .
Oh ! I m sorry to hear that .
I really appreciate what you ve done .
I will play tennis this afternoon .
My hands and legs are swollen .
I prefer traditional characters . Due to the abundance of reading materials in simplified characters I can recognize many of them too .
I play the guitar after school .
Who doesn t know it ?
Who doesn t know it ?
I wish I could speak English .
Take a breath and hold it .
May I go to the toilet ?
I m as old as he is .
It s cool this morning isn t it ?
She pretended that she was sick .
Russian is very difficult to learn .
Our teacher likes his new car .
She walked around looking for him .
It was rather easy for them .
I d like some more bread please .
Please answer this question for me .
I wish I had seen her .
JST stands for Japan Standard Time .
Someone is obviously telling a lie .
I d like to change my reservation .
Soccer is more popular than tennis .
I was late for the appointment .
John is more intelligent than Bill .
It is likely to rain tomorrow .
Sally gave him a Christmas present .
Nobody is too old to learn .
Nobody is too old to learn .
I m coming to see you tomorrow .
I ll be there rain or shine .
My hobbies are fishing and watching television .
Ken goes swimming day after day .
I m too excited to eat anything .
None of those books are useful .
None of those books are useful .
She has never been to Hokkaido .
May I see your driver s license ?
Please speak in a louder voice .
She waited for hours and hours .
My father is free this afternoon .
My father likes traveling by air .
My father bought a new car .
She was busy doing her homework .
Jane is absent from school today .
I m going to Paris next month .
I want to see you again .
My sister became a college student .
My sister is shorter than you .
My uncle gave me a camera .
I d like a window seat please .
The policeman captured the man who was running .
She traveled all over the world .
Please let me take your picture .
May I have a bus schedule ?
John and Mary loved each other .
She s good at getting around rules .
When applying to American universities your TOEFL score is only one factor .
My camera is a Nikon .
The cherry blossoms are at their best .
My goal in life is to be a novelist .
She has a great love for antique goods .
Never forget to lock the door .
There is a map on the desk .
I want to learn Chinese next year .
I want to learn Chinese next year .
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic .
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds .
The accident occurred on Friday .
I am not so fond of music as you are .
I m not as fond of music as you are .
I don t like music as much as you do .
Do you have rain gear with you ?
Fuck your mom .
Fuck your mom .
Where is the nearest lost and found ?
Jessie strolled along beside the cart .
My shoes are bigger than yours .
I was very tired last night .
She enjoyed herself at the concert .
She is leaving for America tonight .
I m as hungry as a horse .
Our car broke down last night .
I want something hot to drink .
She got good grades in English .
She bought two pairs of socks .
She got good grades in English .
My husband earns a year .
Jack was born on August tenth .
I wish he were here now .
My mother plays the piano well .
I ll call you up tomorrow morning .
My hobby is collecting old coins .
My bicycle has a flat tire .
She stayed at home by herself .
I m not very good at swimming .
Paul studies very hard these days .
Let s play tennis in the afternoon .
Jane had a very boring weekend .
She is getting married this fall .
How do I use meal tickets ?
Peter isn t anything like his father .
She mistook me for Mr . Tamori .
Mrs . Smith is our English teacher .
Jane insisted that she was right .
Swimming is good for your health .
It s difficult to speak English well .
It s a beautiful day isn t it ?
I want something to write on .
She felt insecure about her future .
Lucy is a pretty little girl .
I usually stay indoors on Sunday .
How many CDs do you have ?
CDs have taken the place of records .
Compact discs have entirely taken the place of phonograph records .
She has no sense of beauty .
My sister goes to a university .
I want something to drink now .
I was absent from the party .
I stayed at home last night .
I stayed at his place yesterday .
My hobby is collecting old bottles .
My father began jogging last month .
Let me give you some advice .
Let s have a few drinks tonight .
I was expecting you last night .
I ve always wanted to meet you .
I ve been wanting to see you .
I want to ride a horse .
My sister usually walks to school .
She felt herself being lifted up .
Is there enough food for everyone ?
Look it up in your dictionary .
I wonder if they ll get divorced .
Please tell John that I called .
I ordered the book from England .
Nobody knows where he has gone .
The car got stuck in the mud .
Let me take your blood pressure .
Mr . Grey didn t enjoy his work .
John will not answer the question .
The murderer confessed his crime .
The loss amounted to .
May I see your claim tags ?
If you re busy I ll help you .
I m thinking of going to Europe .
I visited my friend Tom yesterday .
I was mistaken for a salesman .
I m going to change my shirt .
My internet connection was cut off .
Put it on one bill please .
Something is wrong with my watch .
Something is wrong with my watch .
Something may have happened to him .
My mother likes tea very much .
They changed the system .
This job pays yen a day .
We must get up at dawn .
Sam has already done his homework .
Put some water into the vase .
I played tennis with my brother .
I wish you had been there .
My mother washes clothes every day .
Please wait till he comes back .
She planted roses in the garden .
Please remember to mail the letter .
I ll clean up the kitchen later .
I m tired of all his complaints .
I will be busy this afternoon .
I m going to America this summer .
Pass me the salt will you ?
I ve been studying in China for ten months .
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language but something about the country itself as well .
That s to say I have a better understanding of the Chinese nation .
She knows your mother very well .
Of course I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks .
Today s Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity .
I can describe China especially in relation to big cities like Beijing in one sentence China is a country whose pace of life is both fast and leisurely .
When I first came to Beijing I loved to stroll everywhere but Beijing was not like what I had imagined .
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations .
New buildings are being built here there and everywhere .
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow .
Beijing is changing so rapidly .
On seeing this I can t help thinking Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace ?
Jim wrote the letter for Betty .
Do they all enjoy such high speed development ?
Is there any leisure in China ?
It has it is in the heart of the Chinese people .
There is it is in the heart of the Chinese people .
Jessie s long hair was completely wet .
She dived into the swimming pool .
While walking I used to feel somewhat in a hurry .
My boss made me work overtime .
At first I had no idea why .
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly .
What s more Chinese people like taking naps .
This isn t my opinion it s just what I ve translated .
Now I also enjoy it .
Now I like it too .
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life .
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly .
At first I had no idea why .
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life .
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese .
Mike eats out almost every night .
I d like an aisle seat please .
She can speak English very well .
She can speak English very well .
My brother wants to study abroad .
It s going to rain this evening .
Please show me your driver s license .
I just ate sushi and drank beer .
I want to buy this dictionary .
Lend me some books to read .
I m staying at the Sheraton Hotel .
He s an interpreter in an international bank .
I took the children to school .
She lived there about five years .
It isn t polite to stare at people .
It s impolite to stare at people .
Quite a few Americans like sushi .
I usually get up at .
She went upstairs to her bedroom .
Please give me your permanent address .
I want something sweet to eat .
Linda came home late at night .
I saw him looking at me .
Jane can sing some Japanese songs .
Ken goes to school by bus .
It was very cold this morning .
She visits us every other day .
It never rains but it pours .
It never rains but it pours .
I saw Shin ichi in Kakogawa yesterday .
She hired him as a programmer .
I ve got to shave before leaving .
My son is tired of hamburgers .
I ll see you again this afternoon .
I walked three fourths of a mile .
I will write to you soon .
None of the telephones are working .
Mother stays at home every day .
Jessie urged the little donkey forward .
Meg didn t even look at me .
Please close the door behind you .
Please shut the door behind you .
Nancy told me about the fire .
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom .
It s hard to speak English well .
Someone has brought us some grapes .
She mistook me for my brother .
My brother is small but strong .
Keep an eye on the bags .
It seldom snows here in winter .
My mother doesn t like watching TV .
Never be afraid of making mistakes .
Stop making a fool of yourself .
Lots of famous people come here .
May I speak to Mike please ?
It wasn t very hot last night .
Is that a picture of me ?
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka .
Someone tapped me on the shoulder .
She believes that he is innocent .
Please excuse me for being rude .
I wonder why he did that .
Ken climbed down from the tree .
My nephew is allergic to eggs .
I d like to see a doctor .
I d like to see a doctor .
Mike said that he would come .
I d like three pounds of chicken .
I think jogging is good exercise .
Sentences begin with a capital letter .
May I see the wine list ?
Masaru claims that he is innocent .
My brother is a first year student .
I work every day except Sunday .
Other than Sundays I work every day .
Ken was in Japan last year .
I m not as tall as you .
She wants to attend the party .
Please take good care of yourself .
Please speak a little more slowly .
I ll leave when she comes back .
Our school is near the station .
I want to sing a song .
Please give me something to drink .
She gets up early every morning .
It s fun to ride a motorcycle .
Jill saw the movie with Ken .
My older brother is a teacher .
It was very cold yesterday morning .
What is the capital of Haiti ?
She aspired to become an actress .
Mt . Fuji was covered with snow .
Ken has been looking for you .
My wallet and passport are missing .
She cooked us a wonderful meal .
She has put on weight recently .
She looks pretty in that dress .
Kelly will appear on TV .
It will cost around yen .
I thought the questions were easy .
She asked a very good question .
She remained single all her life .
She visited Kanazawa two years ago .
She tore the letter into pieces .
It is already past five o clock .
I should ve brought my camera .
My father is an office worker .
She is good at speaking English .
My uncle lives in an apartment .
Put away your books and notebooks .
I was absent from work yesterday .
Mr . Wilson is angry at Dennis .
Please fill out this form first .
Clean the room .
John is in the swimming club .
My parents live in the country .
I should have taken the money .
I ve studied English for five years .
I m going to attend the meeting .
I m going to meet him tomorrow .
I will be free tomorrow afternoon .
Is Miss Smith an English teacher ?
My mother made a sweater for me .
My mother made me a sweater .
I m Alan Tate Terry Tate s son .
She was in America last month .
I was shocked by yesterday s news .
Some boys came into the classroom .
I want to join Joe s group .
I spent my vacation in Hakone .
May I have some more coffee ?
John is much taller than Mary .
She takes care of my children .
My uncle is possessed of great wealth .
Last summer we went to Hokkaido .
It has been raining since Sunday .
I m used to getting up early .
I m accustomed to getting up early .
Jim doesn t like apples does he ?
I think that Yumi is sick .
Mr . Green is a history teacher .
My mother is reading a magazine .
You have such beautiful hazel eyes .
I work for an oil company .
She didn t feel like eating lunch .
I wonder what happened to him .
My mother left me a message .
She studied English in the morning .
Let s not discuss the matter today .
He had his head in the clouds in class .
I d like to pay in cash .
She wrapped herself in a blanket .
I remember giving him the key .
Please mail this letter for me .
She ll be getting married next year .
I ve got everything that you want .
Sadako wanted to forget about it .
I d like to rent a car .
I m sure that he ll get angry .
She helped me pack my suitcase .
She is good at playing tennis .
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday .
She thanked us for our help .
She was only frightened not injured .
My sister went to Kobe yesterday .
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe .
Please return the book by tomorrow .
I want to drink something cold .
She took the entrance exam yesterday .
Please tell me about your trip .
It all depends on the weather .
She must have done it yesterday .
Let s sing the song in English .
Jay picked up the old scissors .
Meg bought a can of tomatoes .
Lincoln was elected President in .
It s great ! You ll laugh for sure .
Mike doesn t practice basketball on Monday .
I ve just arrived at the airport .
She was wearing dark brown shoes .
I will come earlier next time .
I watched him cross the street .
Playing cards is a popular pastime .
I ll come back to Japan tomorrow .
I ll meet to you at eight .
Please pick up my dry cleaning .
She appears to have a headache .
I would like to see it .
My father often washes the dishes .
It s your birthday isn t it Yuri ?
I sometimes play tennis with her .
My camera is different from yours .
Is there a hospital near here ?
I wonder if this is love .
She must be angry with me .
Last summer I traveled to Italy .
My father is in his room .
I was afraid I d be late .
Prices depend on supply and demand .
I m going out with Lisa tonight .
She is practicing the violin now .
Does a dog have a Buddha nature or not ?
Please fill this bottle with water .
She was reading a gardening manual .
My brother named his cat Hanako .
Smoking is bad for your health .
Is there a supermarket near here ?
My father lives in the country .
I wonder when Anne will come .
She helped him overcome his sadness .
Kumiko is as tall as Tom .
She changed her name to Ann .
She put sheets on her bed .
Maybe you d better come with us .
Please tell me about your problem .
She bought two pounds of butter .
I saw tears in her eyes .
It looks like snow doesn t it ?
Please wait a little while longer .
She complained about my low salary .
She resented being called a coward .
Mary this is Joe s brother David .
I won t talk to him anymore .
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow .
My father s hobby is growing roses .
She employed him as a programmer .
She appears to have many friends .
I m sure he will come tomorrow .
I m looking for a part time job .
She taught music for thirty years .
She can speak English of course .
Either you or I am right .
Open up .
Open up .
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door .
The students stood waiting for a bus .
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid .
Glass breaks easily .
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid .
 It must bother you to have taken a bad master . I m stupid too . So it s all right . 
A good cook doesn t throw out yesterday s soup .
I dived into the river .
He was treated with great cruelty .
Without water nothing could live on this earth .
Our school is across the river .
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept .
She assigned him to the job .
I wish they would stop fighting .
One more bottle of wine please .
My father likes pizza very much .
She decided to quit her job .
She might be taller than you .
He is gross man !
I was in London last month .
I d like to talk to John .
He was suffering from a bad headache .
School begins at half past eight .
She can sing and dance beautifully .
She sent this book to me .
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose .
I wish to go to Hawaii .
May I go out to play ?
Harry fell seriously ill .
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona .
He has recovered from his bad cold .
She usually sleeps for eight hours .
None of my friends drink coffee .
She left home ten minutes ago .
I was invited to Sachiko s party .
Please help me with my homework .
I m going to climb Mt . Kitadake .
I saw him wash the car .
She went shopping with her mother .
She will be seventeen next year .
She makes all her own clothes .
I saw her clean the room .
Should I buy something for him ?
Let s find something to sit on .
My father objected to our marriage .
May I speak to Mr . Sato ?
I suggested that she go alone .
I d like to make a reservation .
The mountain is meters above sea level .
My grandfather died five years ago .
Mary is studying in her room .
She plays tennis in the morning .
Mary wants to become a teacher .
She lives in a two story house .
Please show me your injured arm .
She lives just across from us .
My father can speak English well .
Ken has been to England before .
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago .
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend .
Mary had to go to school .
She cooked herself a good meal .
She visited her husband in prison .
I went camping with my family .
Only a few people understood me .
She felt like taking a walk .
My house has a small yard .
Sorry to have kept you waiting .
I was disappointed with his speech .
 Let s go he said to me .
She must have studied very hard .
I wrote down his phone number .
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend .
My brother is now in Australia .
I remember seeing you last year .
I m a little angry with you .
I go to school .
I can t live that kind of life .
The rumor turned out false .
I d rather stay home than go out in this weather .
Don t pull my leg !
Don t mess me around !
We must pay a toll to drive on this road .
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools .
Which is better red thread or white thread ?
She taught me how to write a poem .
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will .
He thought to himself No ! Aloud he said Yes . 
He turned over the matter in his mind .
You re very pretty .
She is absorbed in rock music .
Now Marina was a romantic she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live anywhere and then arrange one s whole life around it .
She was wearing long boots .
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long .
She went either to London or to Paris .
She went from London to Paris .
She would often go to the theater when she was in London .
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English .
She prefers beer to wine .
Meg found a four leaf clover .
My mother never gets up early .
I ll give you anything that you want .
I will give you whatever you want .
I ll get you whatever you want .
I m leaving for Chicago next week .
Please fill this bucket with water .
It s obvious why his stomach hurts .
She speaks both English and French .
It was too difficult for me .
She left early in the morning .
The time has come when I must tell you the truth .
Nancy here s a letter for you .
Stop talking and listen to me .
I wonder if he ll come tonight .
I don t know if he can come tonight .
I ve worked here for ten years .
She filled the glass with wine .
Mike goes to school by bus .
I ordered some books from London .
Please give me something to eat .
I wish I earned more money .
Please tell me what you think .
She is as tall as you .
Our mother bought us a puppy .
My sister sometimes makes our dinner .
I want a quart of milk .
My opinion is similar to yours .
I want to see your mother .
She has already left the office .
Ken will be fifteen next year .
Where did you get this ?
She doesn t live there any more .
She s been working all day long .
I still haven t heard from him .
My brother is a college student .
Mike went to Kyoto last summer .
She wrote a book about birds .
Steve is getting on the bus .
Prince William is second in line to the English throne .
My hobby is making model planes .
She picked flowers in the garden .
Please wait until I come back .
My parents sent me a postcard .
She saddled him with the work .
I ordered those books from Germany .
More than twenty boys went there .
She took care of the children .
Please enjoy yourself at the dance .
I recognized your voice right away .
She was arrested by the police .
She doesn t speak Japanese at home .
My father is an electric engineer .
My most interesting friend is Jessie .
Study hard so you don t fail .
I d like you to go there .
It was raining when we arrived .
Please have someone else do it .
Sally met Harry at the station .
Mary is sitting at the desk .
Nowadays many people travel by car .
Please help yourself to the fruit .
Mary went down to the kitchen .
She assigned the work to him .
I m three years younger than you .
Let s leave the decision to Tom .
I d like for you to go .
I wish you d go .
I m busy getting ready for tomorrow .
She was crying as she answered .
She was sick in bed yesterday .
Ruriko is a high school student .
Jane didn t play tennis did she ?
Speaking Japanese is easy for me .
Meg is as tall as Ken .
She is very pretty isn t she ?
My dog goes everywhere with me .
She said that he was handsome .
Lucy is a student from America .
Please forgive me for being late .
He eats lunch at a cafeteria .
New York bristles with towering buildings .
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well .
She was buried in her hometown .
She didn t want to get involved .
The police held him in custody .
What grade is your sister in ?
We won t start till Bob comes .
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden .
Bob usually goes to bed at ten .
Bob has a lot of books in his room .
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected and kept only a few for himself .
Bob has too many books to read .
Bob could not control his anger .
What would you like for supper ?
This train leaves at nine o clock .
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs .
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow .
The men are wearing short sleeves .
You and I are good friends .
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday .
Which road goes to city hall ?
Bob forgot to bring the pass which made him late for school .
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning .
Please tell me your phone number .
Are you a doctor ?
Can you move this desk by yourself ?
The police accused him of murder .
You certainly play the piano well .
According to the newspaper he committed suicide .
A group of young men were fighting .
What do you call this bird ?
You look as healthy as ever .
What she bought was very expensive .
I ll give these kittens to whoever likes cats .
To what degree can we trust him ?
The lack of money is the root of all evil .
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind .
He has an abhorrence of snakes .
He is sure of passing the examination .
Thanks to his help my work is going well now .
This medicine may cure him .
I don t believe you ve met him .
It is impossible to do it .
She may not come .
Maybe she will not come .
He is not content with his present salary .
I want to know if he ll come here .
The station is two meters away .
I don t have any money .
I have no money at all .
Do good to those who hate you .
We tried to come up to the standard .
We agreed to share the housework .
This song was written by Foster .
Can you explain why you were late ?
You don t like sashimi do you ?
A lot of soldiers were killed here .
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang .
Would you mind closing the window ?
What he said really hurt me .
Was this letter written by Ken ?
You remind me of your brother .
What do you plan to do ?
All things considered I think you should go back home and take care of your parents .
Will you lend me your dictionary ?
Tom and Sue love each other .
You should have been more careful .
You ll find this map very useful .
Who is taller you or Ken ?
We will play soccer after school .
At last she gave in to him and told him the secret .
What he says is very important .
We don t care what he does .
Are you the owner of this house ?
Will you stay at home tonight ?
As soon as she opened the door a cat ran out .
We drove to Hakone last Sunday .
Call me when you get settled in .
You must study English every day .
Did I tell you what Melissa said ?
Tom is taller than his mother .
There s a hole in this bucket .
We climbed the mountain last year .
Were you in America last month ?
There isn t anyone in the room .
Can t you do something to help me ?
We were in London last winter .
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily .
That is no business of his .
They don t seem to be Americans .
The meeting ended earlier than usual .
The castle is across the river .
The dog saved the girl s life .
The park is filled with children .
Tom likes tea better than coffee .
This noise is driving me crazy .
The world is changing every minute .
Would you do me a favor ?
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow ?
Were your mother and father home ?
What happened to you last night ?
Are there reserved seats on the train ?
What would you like for dessert ?
Did you bring an umbrella with you ?
The airplane made a safe landing .
Do you go to school on Saturday ?
How long are you going to stay here ?
Let s go home .
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed .
Never rely too much upon others .
They speak English in New Zealand .
This blue sweater is very pretty .
You can go anywhere you want .
The bottle is filled with water .
They passed by her house yesterday .
They are talking in the kitchen .
What is the population of India ?
Will you pass me the salt ?
Can you pass me the salt please ?
Could you please pass me the salt ?
Do you know how to drive a car ?
Ask him where he parked his car .
The gang was planning a robbery .
Do you feel any pain in your stomach ?
Can you save this seat for me ?
Ann will not come to our party .
Who does this suitcase belong to ?
Their father is a taxi driver .
The well ran dry .
The soldiers were guarding the bridge .
We divided the money between us .
Why do you need this money ?
You can do it can t you ?
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in .
You don t need to study today .
The rope broke under the strain .
Are there many trees in the park ?
Please turn off the TV .
Turn off the TV .
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster .
That s quite meaningless .
It was just as I thought .
He studies history at college .
You re in danger of becoming a good man .
I ate a hasty lunch .
The cost of living has risen .
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train .
Do you have any money with you ?
The Smiths live in my neighborhood .
Would o clock be all right ?
They went to America last month .
This train stops at every station .
Would you please autograph this book ?
Who s the boy swimming over there ?
She didn t go far .
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil .
She didn t have any pencils .
She discovered that she had run out of salt .
She put the dirty dishes in the sink .
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes .
She has a clean heart .
She has a pure heart .
She dreamed that she was a princess .
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania .
That belongs to my brother .
The sheet is on the bed .
They hope to be able to find a well paid job .
He killed him to avenge his dead father .
He killed him to avenge his dead father .
He killed him to avenge his dead father .
This is a great type of cure .
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity .
Before welcoming a beautiful tomorrow every rich man will ensure that he gets sufficient rest !
To the best of my knowledge the rumor is not true .
This size is too large for me .
Please call this lady a taxi .
Please call a taxi for this lady .
Her eyes were full of sadness .
Her eyes were full of sadness .
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist .
His daughter is able to recite a lot of poems .
I can t find the waistcoat of my three piece suit .
Water boils at degrees Celsius .
Tom wants to go to Japan .
This book is popular with students .
The police broke up the fight .
All sorts of people live in Tokyo .
Would you please close that window ?
The stream flows into the pond .
There s a telephone in the hall .
What s the purpose of your trip ?
I m very well thank you .
How many brothers do you have ?
A fox is a wild animal .
Do you have a room that s a little cheaper ?
Today I bought ten books in all .
I had a dream about you last night .
Don t sit on the floor .
His success is the result of hard work .
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study .
His plan sounds impracticable .
Taro is the most famous of the three .
The English lesson started at .
We should not make too much of money .
Shortly after the war my father bought a new house in which I was born .
My mother excused his mistake .
My toothache returned in a few hours .
You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months .
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday .
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character .
The swimmers were numb with cold .
You should have kept it secret .
This word is difficult to pronounce .
You really are lucky aren t you ?
We have breakfast in the kitchen .
They all went to the restaurant .
They moved here two years ago .
Would you like some more cake ?
They were all hoarse from shouting .
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic .
Waiter please bring me some water .
Something must be done !
Bob entered the house through a window .
These cameras are made in Japan .
The city was destroyed by fire .
Toshio can speak English very well .
Tom filled out the application form .
The wall is thirty yards long .
This book is written in English .
The sun rose over the horizon .
Take this medicine every six hours .
This book is full of mistakes .
Would you mind shutting the door ?
Your bike is better than mine .
They are having a party tomorrow .
The car crashed into the truck .
Could I have another glass of beer ?
What did you do last night ?
The barber gave him a haircut .
Ann was in a hurry this morning .
Would you like some more beer ?
Could you please repeat it once again ?
Can you do some shopping for me ?
The concert is about to start .
This flower is beautiful isn t it ?
They grow flowers in the garden .
What do you think of him ?
You may be late for school .
Wherever you go I will follow .
Which is larger Tokyo or Kobe ?
We ll go when the rain stops .
What do you want for breakfast ?
The tablecloth is in the cabinet .
A dog followed me to my school .
David has so many girlfriends that he can t remember all of their names .
The boy enjoyed painting a picture .
The airplane took off on time .
Thomas was named after his father .
Come and see me whenever you like .
Dinner will be ready by six thirty .
You may use my new car .
When did you graduate from Oxford ?
They re not afraid of hard work .
Where is the tourist information office ?
We enjoyed ourselves at the party .
The meeting ended at p .m .
What did she whisper to you ?
What did she whisper to you ?
Your opinion is similar to mine .
Who cares when she gets married ?
The new medicine saved his life .
Who cares when she gets married ?
There was nobody in the garden .
They eat dinner at twelve o clock .
I like to eat hot soup .
Two children are sitting on the fence .
This is easy .
It s very easy .
This is difficult .
It s very difficult .
He took off the wife beater .
We had an examination in mathematics today .
Give me a little .
What will you use it for ?
We ve been married for five years .
The boy jumped into the water .
What s the name of this tune ?
The soldiers are ready for battle .
You have to speak English here .
Trang s party was like a wake .
When do you practice the piano ?
The buses run every ten minutes .
Anne will not come to our party .
Where in Canada are you from ?
What part of Canada are you from ?
What did you have to eat ?
These questions are easy to answer .
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks .
I remember you . We met three years ago .
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit live one day as a tiger .
That s a nice tie you re wearing .
Could you take me to a movie ?
Would three o clock be all right ?
They blamed George for the failure .
They blamed the failure on George .
This is worth one million yen .
This data isn t accurate at all .
These flowers have a unique smell .
We grow vegetables in our garden .
Where is nearest American Express office ?
Both of them are in the room .
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle .
What subject do you like best ?
We must finish our homework first .
There wasn t anybody in the house .
Once he got the news of his daughter in law s death he totally freaked out .
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree .
Did you live in Sasayama last year ?
Their names are Tom and Ken .
Thousands of people died of hunger .
Why didn t you dance with him ?
The planets revolve around the sun .
Keep next Sunday free .
Poor as he is he is happy .
The boat passed under the bridge .
This place is large isn t it ?
The dog barked at the mailman .
What he said is not true .
You must not jump to conclusions .
They make frequent trips to Europe .
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday ?
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday ?
Can I have the menu again please ?
Your team is stronger than ours .
What s the purpose of your visit ?
Do you know how the accident happened ?
Bob writes to me once a month .
That mountain is covered with snow .
They climbed Mt . Fuji last week .
Turn right at the next corner .
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky ?
As is often the case Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon .
Which credit cards can I use ?
What do you do on Sundays ?
The bus was two minutes early .
Do you have any plans for Saturday ?
We should ve stayed at home .
We have French third period .
The prisoner was given his freedom .
We had a heavy rain yesterday .
You can borrow my car anytime .
These toys are suitable for girls .
The project was a complete failure .
You look just like your mother .
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer .
As soon as she heard the bell ring she answered the telephone .
They decided to build a bridge .
You won t be late will you ?
The program starts at nine o clock .
We mistook him for an American .
What do you want to do ?
Was Joe with you yesterday evening ?
We helped them as well .
The game ended at nine o clock .
What time is the next performance ?
Do I have to take this medicine ?
The garden was filled with flowers .
I made Ann my secretary .
Why did you go to Tokyo ?
We will reach London before dark .
The reporter criticized the politician .
Could you come and see me tomorrow ?
What are you doing that for ?
Would you like to eat something ?
The train was late this morning .
The two young girls smiled happily .
The horse stopped and wouldn t move .
Where was he born and raised ?
The police officer arrested the burglar .
Your proposal is a bit extreme .
Chris didn t have a car to drive .
You are not coming are you ?
Do you commute to school by bus ?
The children ran down the hill .
These pictures were painted by him .
You should do your homework now .
The storm developed into a typhoon .
Tom thanked me for the gift .
Christine stayed in the shade all day because she didn t want to get a sunburn .
Close your eyes and count to ten .
The old man died from hunger .
Tom is able to swim well .
We took turns with the driving .
Your bicycle is similar to mine .
We went halfway up the mountain .
We tried to compromise with them .
Did you show it to your parents ?
That gentleman usually wears a hat .
Do I have to stay in the hospital ?
What is the exchange rate today ?
It s rude to make fun of your boss in public .
Choose the color you like the best .
Judging from the look of the sky it may rain this afternoon .
How do you spell the word ?
The bus leaves in five minutes .
That book is a new book .
You are too sensitive to criticism .
Who is taller Ken or Taro ?
Bill took his brother to the zoo .
They didn t come here did they ?
This is a present for you .
Tom slipped out of the classroom .
You are wanted on the phone .
There is a call for you .
The plane made a perfect landing .
The boy didn t change his opinion .
The game will probably be canceled .
You are from Hokkaido aren t you ?
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom .
A wise man profits from his mistakes .
You may take anything you like .
There s no one in the room .
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work .
This hotel was built last year .
What do you think he did ?
Tom is always playing video games .
You should always tell the truth .
We have little chance of winning .
You can eat whatever you like .
You look very happy this morning .
The clock is above the fireplace .
We d like another bottle of wine .
Do we have anything I can snack on ?
You shouldn t have paid the bill .
We live in a three bedroom house .
You used to smoke didn t you ?
These flowers are beautiful aren t they ?
Bill is not as tall as Bob .
How about another round ?
Come and see me at eleven o clock .
The bus was filled to capacity .
Why are you being so secretive ?
Where can I catch a bus ?
You should have refused his offer .
They rescued the boy from drowning .
They rescued the boy from drowning .
Did you go anywhere for the summer ?
A foreigner ? And where are you from ?
Don t change your mind .
I held a wedding ceremony last month .
Let s wait for a while and see how you do .
Why did she come home early ?
When does the next train leave ?
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow ?
We re having a party this evening .
Do you know how old Miss Nakano is ?
That s a hard question to answer .
Do you happen to know his name ?
Would you like some more beef ?
Your plan seems better than mine .
This hotel does not serve lunch .
You have to study Japanese harder .
Tom is older than I am .
You ought to see a dentist .
The police officers arrested the burglar .
The child missed his mother very much .
I was amazed at his courage .
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you .
Tom should be here any minute .
Do I have to do it right away ?
Your watch is ten minutes slow .
Tom is a high school student .
You should always do your best .
We re having a party next Saturday .
The old man is very kind .
A swarm of hornets attacked the children .
About how long will it take to get there by bus ?
Wake me up early tomorrow morning .
They have been married two years .
We expect a lot from him .
You should follow your teacher s advice .
Your second button is coming off .
Could I have a pillow and blanket ?
We didn t intend to attack him .
Thank you very much for everything .
Will it take long to recover ?
This is a very interesting book .
Will it take long to recover ?
The surrounding area was very quiet .
Let s begin at page .
You should get your car fixed .
Tom and Frank are good friends .
They all laughed at his jokes .
Did you sleep well last night Steve ?
They must have had an accident .
Bill doesn t like the fact that his father smokes a lot .
We climbed Mt . Fuji last summer .
The street is paved with asphalt .
We took part in the discussion .
We should have been more careful .
We enjoyed listening to the music .
What made him change his mind ?
What s become of your dog ?
Your English has improved a lot .
Will the train leave on time ?
Could I get one more beer please ?
You ought not to go out .
Do you know how to open this box ?
They must be waiting for you .
We have almost finished our work .
Could you please pass me the pepper ?
We have a party tomorrow evening .
Would you carry my luggage upstairs ?
We enjoyed watching the baseball game .
Wow ! It s been a long time .
As a matter of fact I haven t eaten anything since this morning .
We can deliver it this evening .
You shouldn t eat too much candy .
Tom didn t have dinner last night .
There is only one bath towel .
Will you play tennis after school ?
The party ended at ten o clock .
The rocket was launched into space .
Ann had no friends to play with .
These boxes are made of plastic .
The police didn t find any clues .
The station is two miles away .
They moved here three years ago .
The mountain has a beautiful shape .
Did you go to the art exhibition ?
The taxi picked up two passengers .
Turn the radio up a little .
Could I have a subway map please ?
We played basketball in the gym .
Do you have these shoes in my size ?
The food isn t very good here .
What did you get for Christmas ?
At night she gazed at the moon .
They will get married next month .
This house belongs to my uncle .
The mountain was covered with snow .
What s the capital city of Finland ?
You had better go at once .
You can always count on Tom .
Your problem is similar to mine .
We chose John to be captain .
You must go to bed now .
What s the width of this road ?
Uncle Tom is my mother s brother .
I don t feel comfortable here .
The dog barked at the stranger .
They were listening to the radio .
They work only during the day .
What time will you have breakfast ?
We enjoyed swimming in the river .
Thank you for the wonderful dinner .
Bill was late for school as usual .
We went swimming in the river .
The war began three years later .
We invited him to our house .
Your parents didn t come did they ?
What time does your plane leave ?
What size shoes do you wear ?
How far is it from here to the sea ?
Look into my eyes .
What did you do yesterday evening ?
We had an earthquake last night .
We ve been living here since July .
The plane flew over the mountain .
There s a telephone in my room .
Thank you for the pleasant evening .
There was a light rain yesterday .
Do you have change for a dollar ?
Be careful not to catch a cold .
We are leaving Japan next month .
A beautiful girl sat next to me .
The street was crowded with people .
They have elected a new government .
We saw monkeys at the zoo .
Which of these rackets is yours ?
Would you like some more gravy ?
They got married six months ago .
Yes I have a good idea .
The lecture lasted for two hours .
This milk won t keep till tomorrow .
Where are you going on vacation ?
Where will you go for the vacation ?
Your wife is mad at you .
That job is pretty much finished .
Tom got angry at the children .
Do you eat it in the classroom ?
Comb your hair before you go out .
The medicine made me very sleepy .
Yumi is one of my friends .
Could you carry my bags for me ?
A dolphin is a kind of mammal .
That white building is a hospital .
That hat cost around fifty dollars .
Would you please open the door ?
You ve put on weight haven t you ?
You ve gained weight haven t you ?
They are proud of their daughter .
This book belongs to the library .
There are exceptions to every rule .
Tom is playing the violin now .
Where can I get a taxi ?
You should keep your mouth shut .
Add the honey lemon juice chopped almonds and the chopped apples .
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired .
Why did you get up so early ?
The value of the yen has soared .
He gave him a book .
 Who is that girl ? That s Keiko . 
Hi ! How are you ?
It is two miles from here to the park .
If you want to read this page later just know that you can access it from the Help link at the very bottom of the website .
She gave us a present .
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening .
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him .
Happy families are all alike every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
If you can t make it call us as soon as possible .
They would capture as many people as possible .
In some countries the punishment for treason can be life in prison .
Think before you act !
I saw him after ten years .
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion but when I got older I converted to narcissism .
Everyone loves that place .
Just as he was speaking a fire broke out .
We know him .
I can probably give you seven minutes .
There was an earthquake this morning .
You really are tall aren t you ?
They have been here since .
Bob did not agree to the plan .
Did you call your friend in Canada ?
Would you care for more coffee ?
Where are you planning to stay ?
That s a bad day for me .
We ll go when it quits raining .
Both my parents are at home now .
According to dentists tooth decay is not always caused by sweets .
He rescued the child from the fire .
My sister can play the piano better than I can .
One day in July we went to the sea .
I would like to go home now .
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture .
You should keep your promise .
Among the five of us he s surely the one who can speak the most languages .
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife .
He crowded the books into the shelves .
Why do you need change ?
He towers above the rest of the class .
Red as opposed to green is a sign of danger .
How long will this rope hold ?
Not everything can be bought with money .
Do you have this in a bigger size ?
They will tear down the old building in two days .
This dog is the biggest in this town .
The bus should be coming soon .
Could you please get me a taxi ?
We will stay here until Sunday .
Where do you want to go ?
We went swimming at the beach .
Would you pass me the salt ?
Would you pass me the salt please ?
The meeting will be held tomorrow .
We often played chess after school .
There was a car accident yesterday .
Tom showed interest in the plan .
This book isn t interesting at all .
We accept all major credit cards .
The war lasted nearly ten years .
When did you change your address ?
Almost all the work is done now .
The children went out to play .
Bill brought me a glass of water .
Did you get the package I sent you ?
You may come if you like .
This is a very beautiful flower .
All the boys in class worked hard .
They go to church every Sunday .
We haven t known each other long .
They stole apples from my orchard .
They usually sleep in this room .
The cat is adorable .
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state .
This homework is difficult for me .
This letter is addressed to you .
A penny saved is a penny earned .
Could I see you a minute please ?
Do you know how to play mahjong ?
That s a nice car you re driving .
Why don t you join our party ?
All of them agreed to the proposal .
You can t use this washing machine .
Two for the lunch buffet please .
What do you call this flower ?
The building is seven stories high .
Tom and I are good friends .
I have read many modern authors .
Where should I put my laundry ?
That program is now being broadcast .
Carol has just returned to her hotel .
This car is easy to handle .
Can I borrow some money from you ?
We work every day but Sunday .
Why did you open the box ?
Tom is taller than I am .
They should arrive by ten o clock .
There s only a little milk left .
What is it that you want ?
Whose house is across from yours ?
They must have made a mistake .
Are there many animals in the zoo ?
You are free to go home .
Would you like to go abroad ?
Why can t he play tennis today ?
Are there any apples in the box ?
What did you say to Paula ?
You must always tell the truth .
We sometimes swim in the lake .
This movie is worth seeing again .
Because of his wealth he was able to become a member of that club .
When did you begin playing golf ?
Yumi is good at playing tennis .
Why don t you have a party ?
Would you mind opening the window ?
We picked flowers in the garden .
Are you going to attend the meeting ?
You d better go home at once .
Would you pass the salt please ?
Why didn t you follow my advice ?
They believe that Jane is honest .
They were not listening to music .
They were alone in the library .
What is the population of Japan ?
For some reason I feel more alive at night .
I really look forward to your visit in the near future .
Watch out for cars when you cross the street .
Look out for cars when you cross the road .
This desk is designed for children .
Did you visit the Tower of London ?
Do you have a table on the patio ?
We soon caught up with them .
As long as you re here I ll stay .
Wet clothes stick to your skin .
We should have taken his advice .
Are you sure you haven t forgotten anything ?
Both Ken and Meg are my friends .
What time is it in London now ?
The enemy attacked us at night .
You should come home before six .
Ten years is a long time .
Didn t you write a letter to him ?
We caught some large fish there .
Your mother is in critical condition .
Your composition has a few mistakes .
The monkey fell from the tree .
You can use my car if you like .
The dog walked across the street .
When can we eat I wonder .
Talking during a concert is rude .
What do you eat for breakfast ?
When did you begin learning German ?
They made him sign the contract .
Would you please come again later ?
Would you please take my picture ?
You have to come with me .
Did he tell you what to do ?
Come to my house whenever you like .
Did you buy her something for Christmas ?
Will you take a personal check ?
They broke into the jewelry shop .
That mountain is easy to climb .
Would you please lock the door ?
We visited the museum last week .
One language is never enough .
I got up today with a pain in my neck .
He is always yelling at his children .
They announced that a storm was coming .
We ve received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements .
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes .
All that has happened before and will happen again .
When did she break the window ?
The girl did not say anything .
We have to pull the weeds .
You should have attended the meeting .
They always go skiing in winter .
You should follow the doctor s advice .
The train leaves in ten minutes .
I hope he ll be able to come ! I d like to see him .
The news of his death spread .
You may leave your bag here .
You really are rude aren t you ?
When do you want to go ?
Could you send it to this address ?
What s the point in doing that ?
What s the point in doing that ?
Your bicycle is better than mine .
He killed him to avenge his dead father .
He killed him to avenge his dead father .
Wearing a suit he stood out .
You are very early this morning .
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi .
Tom s friends called him Mr Money Bags .
Stella really is dead !
Number unobtainable .
It has just struck eight hasn t it ?
The teacher asked me which book I liked .
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name .
We cannot see the other side of the moon .
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness .
I prefer riding to walking .
The room was illuminated with red lights .
She is politeness itself .
Water freezes at degrees Centigrade .
You are suitable for the job .
Why don t we have lunch together ?
Wait here till I come back .
Yamamoto is one of my friends .
They are breaking down the wall .
The visitor sat across from me .
The old man starved to death .
You should be ashamed of your ignorance .
 I wish you were all mine ! said the little black rabbit .
In Wales we have a proverb .
Look at me with your books closed .
He likes finding faults in others .
We plan to climb that mountain .
We often play cards on Sunday .
Did he draw this picture by himself ?
Which is heavier lead or gold ?
When did your father come home ?
Your book is on the desk .
They waited for him for hours .
Tom is as tall as Jack .
You should stay at home today .
Where will you have lunch today ?
They may have missed the train .
There are many shrines in Kyoto .
What do you do before breakfast ?
I don t have any money on me .
You have to make a reservation .
Carol studies very hard . So does Henry .
Would you care for some tea ?
Do you ever study in the library ?
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club .
Andy is never late for a date .
We are going to leave tomorrow .
Betty talks as if she knew everything .
Would you like to come along ?
I was very confused by his questions .
He has not written to us since last February .
The car overtook me .
He has a round face .
Resignation is the first lesson of life .
He had a hungry look .
We receive many telephone calls from abroad .
She was envious of her cousin s success .
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ry tar Hashimoto as the country s nd prime minister .
Before this car I drove a Nissan .
Can you tell silver and tin apart ?
The meal satisfied his hunger .
Did you have a fight with Ken ?
Don t put your elbows on the table .
I want to talk with your uncle .
I am positive that he is wrong .
I went to the park last Sunday .
Halley s Comet will come back in .
I didn t really feel like going out .
He wants to work in a hospital .
He isn t my brother . He s my cousin .
I want to keep my car there .
I got up at six thirty this morning .
He walks in the park every morning .
He may have missed the last train .
Don t make noise while eating soup .
Don t make noise when you eat soup .
He looks a bit tired doesn t he ?
I know the man sitting over there .
He waited for me until I arrived .
He ll do whatever you ask him to .
He is in London on business now .
I have two daughters and two sons .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
How long will we have to wait ?
I managed to catch the last train .
I want to go there once more .
He did not appear until about noon .
He s a friend of my brother s .
I was watching TV when Yumi came .
His mother came to pick him up .
He stepped on my foot on purpose .
He has ambition so he works hard .
Do you like any of these pictures ?
Do you like any of these pictures ?
He took a picture of the koala .
He was killed in a car accident .
I didn t know what to do then .
He s three inches taller than I am .
I want to travel around the world .
I want to go wherever you re going .
I know that boy who is running .
He has to take two science classes .
He found a ball in the garden .
I study about two hours every day .
I have no objection to your plan .
I don t know anything about their relationship .
I will not go to school tomorrow .
I often go swimming in the river .
I can t make any sense of this .
I got up early in the morning .
He has dozens of books about Japan .
I can t figure out what he means .
Few students could understand what he said .
Few students could understand what he said .
He is a teacher at our school .
Her red dress made her stand out .
I have nothing in common with her .
She and I have nothing in common .
He wasn t able to attend the party .
He asked if I liked Chinese food .
I don t have an ear for music .
I don t really like the stores there .
I m old enough to support myself .
He grew up in a little village .
I don t know where he comes from .
He asked for a drink of water .
I have been here for many years .
I went there because I wanted to .
I opened the box and looked inside .
I can t do anything but obey him .
He was in America at that time .
I met Meg in Kyoto last week .
His wife gave birth to twin boys .
He drank very little of the water .
He has decided to become a teacher .
He has been teaching for years .
Five years is too long to wait .
He managed to get there in time .
What s your favorite climate ?
And even outside these nations English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language .
That child has few friends .
I m your flatmate Paul .
I had my composition corrected by the teacher .
The path zigzagged up the steep slope .
Send me a letter when you arrive .
What happened ? The car s slowing down .
They burst into tears .
She s got a good eye for paintings .
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress .
Shall I close the door ?
The path zigzagged up the steep slope .
I don t think she can speak French .
Every door in the house is locked .
I got sick from drinking too much .
I have heard nothing from him yet .
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine .
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall .
He thinks he s so great .
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China .
Hi Bill . How are you ?
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened .
She made cookies for the children .
My home is separated from his by a river .
Which ocean separates China and America ?
They are separated by a great distance .
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi ?
Genius and madness are separated only by success .
One day apart seems like a separation of three years .
He s of the type do as I say not as I do .
He must have taken the wrong train .
I was brought up by my grandmother .
I saw Julie off at the airport .
He often laughs at his own jokes .
I think you re sitting in my seat .
He has all but finished the work .
I forgot the date of the meeting .
I don t know what day he ll come .
How about a drink after the game ?
I know those tall girls quite well .
I can hardly see without my glasses .
How long ago did the bus leave ?
He usually goes to school by bus .
I think that fact is very important .
He read a book written in English .
I was born on October .
I hope I ll see you again soon .
I usually go to school by bus .
I go to the country every summer .
He lives by himself in the woods .
He lives in the woods all by himself .
He stuck his pencil behind his ear .
He scraped the mud off his boots .
I will give you anything you want .
I went for a walk after breakfast .
He didn t know what to do next .
I forgot to bring my I .D . card .
He lived in Matsue for seven years .
I hear that she s a famous actress .
I had my brother repair my bicycle .
He told the students to be quiet .
He hit the ball with his racket .
I have a large collection of stamps .
I waited for him all day long .
He used to meditate in the morning .
He likes to sing in the bathtub .
I stayed with my uncle last week .
I spoke with him about the matter .
I don t like any of these records .
He had no luck in finding work .
He had no luck in finding work .
How many people are in this room ?
Helen got off at the next stop .
He came from a tiny mountain town .
I don t know which button to push .
Good morning . It s time to wake up .
He was hurt in a car accident .
I have almost no money with me .
He is afraid of getting lung cancer .
His office is on the eighth floor .
I like to walk in the country .
I hear that Nancy is very pretty .
I am happy to see you here .
I m happy to see you here .
I walked as slowly as I could .
Do you like to drive ?
He lives across the street from us .
He kissed his daughter on the forehead .
He was late because of the snow .
He is going to be an engineer .
I want to brush up my English .
I told the policeman what I knew .
He left his son a large fortune .
I helped my brother move his desk .
How long are you staying in Japan ?
He works from nine to five thirty .
He bought a small house in Kyoto .
He s not as tall as you are .
His mother looks young for her age .
I would like to eat .
I want to sleep .
I m hungry !
Now I am free .
Now I am free .
I have nothing more to do today .
I heard the news on the radio .
But I don t think it s strange at all .
He fell asleep with the radio on .
He was able to solve the problem .
I usually take a bath after dinner .
He managed to get home before dark .
He is afraid of his own shadow .
I went to sleep about o clock .
He kicked the ball into the goal .
He has been very busy this week .
I don t think I ll ever meet him .
He usually went to bed at eleven .
He took her out for a drive .
It is beyond my power to build my own house .
I gave them one thousand yen each .
I felt hungry after the long walk .
I left my briefcase in the bus .
I have to take the test again .
I lent Tom and Paula my camera .
He called me up almost every day .
He was too drunk to drive home .
He is too drunk to drive home .
He will be coming to the party .
I saw your brother the other day .
He has been to Europe many times .
He got up at five as usual .
I don t know what time it is .
I was late for school this morning .
How long will you stay in Hakone ?
I don t believe such things exist .
They bought a box of cookies .
I usually go to bed before ten .
His parents took him for a walk .
He was sitting between Mary and Tom .
I didn t notice the light turn red .
I waste a lot of time daydreaming .
He asked her to call him later .
I poured water into the bucket .
He is rarely in a good mood .
I can t trust John with my car .
I bought a bottle of salad oil .
I heard him go down the stairs .
He works with me at the office .
He had a large family to support .
I must get there by o clock .
He may come and see us tonight .
He was caught cheating in the exam .
I take a bath every other day .
His office is very close to mine .
I am not going anywhere on Sunday .
I don t go anywhere on Sunday .
Except for one person everybody went home .
I couldn t get him to stop smoking .
He asked me why I was laughing .
He has never been late for school .
He knows how to play the piano .
I take a bath almost every day .
He asked her where her mother was .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I had a phone call from him .
He will make a good team captain .
I was able to answer the question .
I treated her as my own daughter .
The weather turned better .
He tends to be late for meetings .
He tried to speak French to us .
I want you to open the window .
I feel like getting some fresh air .
I am reading a book about animals .
I have lost my new fountain pen .
I hope that is not the case .
I got up very late this morning .
I got a good grade in English .
I got a good grade in English .
I was kicked out of high school .
I heard her singing in her room .
I paid five dollars for the book .
He has a great deal of experience .
I could make myself understood in English .
I want to go for a swim .
I m a junior high school student .
I play tennis once in a while .
Each year Hamamatsu has a kite festival .
I asked him to go there tomorrow .
I don t want to hurt his feelings .
I always catch colds in the winter .
I don t know how to handle children .
For sale .
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow .
He is the boy of whom we spoke the other day .
I had a slight headache last night .
Everybody wished he had been elected governor .
I didn t think this was your seat .
He is not a high school student .
I haven t seen you for a while .
I will ask him about it tomorrow .
I asked him to open the window .
How long will you be staying here ?
I took an art class last year .
It is easier than I thought .
He has a son and two daughters .
He never goes out late at night .
I will finish my homework by nine .
Do you want any of these flowers ?
I am convinced that he is innocent .
I haven t made up my mind yet .
I haven t made up my mind yet .
He hid his friend from the police .
I asked Tom to close the door .
He drank a whole bottle of milk .
Butter and cheese are made from milk .
First off I d like you to come with me to a department store sale .
Shakespeare is too hard to read .
I took a picture of my family .
He said that he wanted some money .
I had a good time this evening .
He talks as if he knows everything .
I think the train will come soon .
He didn t go and I didn t either .
She was in trouble because she lost her passport .
Mother has a coffee shop .
The dress is made of a thin fabric .
Please think about the problem .
She came near being drowned .
Good night Timmy !
Goodnight Timmy .
He is a great statesman and what is more a great scholar .
He didn t give me anything to eat .
I visited him a week ago today .
Do you want any of these books ?
He is much older than he looks .
I expect that he will help us .
I have plenty of money with me .
I was asked to umpire the game .
I got off at the wrong station .
I got off at the wrong station .
I will pick you up around six .
I don t know why they are fighting .
I want to go to America someday .
I am staying for another few weeks .
Do you want to eat out tonight ?
I used to swim here every day .
He has a good knowledge of French .
He s going to have a heart attack .
I stayed home because of the rain .
I think you should see a doctor .
He was waiting for a long time .
Excuse me but where is the library ?
He played the piano and she sang .
He set fire to the school building .
He doesn t have to go to school .
He may be able to come tomorrow .
He will be back in ten minutes .
I feel like taking a walk now .
Does this bus go to the beach ?
I was ten minutes late for school .
He had his car stolen last night .
I was born on February .
I hope that Mary passes the examination .
I plan to buy him a pen .
I helped my mother wash the dishes .
He threw a stone into the pond .
He carried a rifle on his shoulder .
Do you often have fish for dinner ?
He didn t show up at the party .
Do you want to stay any longer ?
I bought a camera for dollars .
I know your older brother quite well .
He kept me waiting for an hour .
He is likely to be late again .
I was brought up in the country .
I feel very sorry for your sister .
I feel very sorry for your sister .
I couldn t understand anything that he said .
I have not been to New Zealand .
I have some pictures to show you .
He dropped his books on the floor .
He went to Paris to study French .
I bought it at a department store .
I intend to study abroad next year .
I paid ten dollars for this cap .
I have an appointment at o clock .
He sometimes goes to work by car .
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening .
He is old enough to know better .
I haven t seen her since last month .
I do not want any milk at all .
I am an electrician .
He used to be a nice boy .
He threw a ball over the fence .
I do not want any bananas at all .
He has been to London three times .
He checked in at a good hotel .
How long will you be in Japan ?
Father told me to wash the car .
Do I have to bring my son to your office ?
I will take you for a swim .
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo .
I am able to drive a car .
He sat there with his legs crossed .
How long is this visa good for ?
I think I ll take a bath tonight .
I know the boy standing over there .
He never looks down on poor people .
He left the house without saying goodbye .
He went away without saying a word .
I am going to play tennis tomorrow .
I walked in the woods by myself .
Do you want me to make coffee ?
He likes watching baseball games on TV .
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV .
Everyone in the town knows about it .
I don t think that she will come .
He came home late in the evening .
I have just washed all the dishes .
I talked with her for an hour .
How long will you stay in Japan ?
He flatly refused to let me in .
I helped my mother in the kitchen .
I don t want to have an operation .
I couldn t answer all of the questions .
He s not always at home on Sundays .
I don t like to sing in public .
How long have you been in Kobe ?
I was awfully confused by his question .
I have not yet finished my supper .
I finally persuaded him to buy it .
I gave the bag back to Ken .
He was killed by a single bullet .
He dipped his spoon into the soup .
He has a good command of English .
I have no intention of asking him .
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us .
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us .
Don t talk to others during the class .
I feel like going to the movies .
I didn t sleep a wink last night .
I didn t sleep a wink last night .
He wants to get a new dictionary .
I know how to make beef stroganoff .
I hear that you play the piano .
He makes a living as a salesman .
I rode my bicycle to the store .
He is two years older than you .
He is always at home on Mondays .
He told me to speak more slowly .
He took a photograph of the family .
I listened to some records last night .
I don t think that he s right .
I bought a camera two days ago .
He was almost hit by a car .
He paid yen for this book .
The little girl lived in Brazil .
This little girl lives in Brazil .
Do not fear the unexpected but be prepared for it .
Compared with her sister she isn t very punctual .
It looks like a duck .
There is no scientific basis for these claims .
Cover your head when you are in the sun .
George failed in business .
She does not have many friends in Kyoto .
Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection .
Until when will you stay in Japan ?
He tried to unify the various groups .
I bumped into him at the station .
I have been busy since last Sunday .
How much is your monthly gas bill ?
I don t like the taste of tomatoes .
I studied English when I was there .
Hang on a minute . I ll call Jimmy .
I went to the airport by taxi .
I put some cream in my coffee .
When I was in London last year someone broke into my room and stole my wallet .
I expect her back by six o clock .
The flesh is mortal .
I pricked up my ears .
I m coming from the garden .
I saw grandfather last week .
They can fish .
We should try to be philosophical about life wealth gained could also vanish .
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel ?
I owe my success to him .
Not a few people think that all foreign made articles are superior to ones made in this country .
He is out of control when drunk .
We ACME Ltd . hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover .
Father has now got a superior position in his office .
She resembles her mother in every respect .
He lost his eyesight in the accident .
I went there by bus and train .
I want him to play the guitar .
Truth needs not many words .
His wife is one of my friends .
I don t think that he will come .
He is not very good at mathematics .
I d rather be a bird than a fish .
Her look says that she loves you .
Give me some paper to write on .
I found her letter in the mailbox .
He used his umbrella as a weapon .
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone .
He was born on July th .
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife ?
I heaved myself up .
He was scared you would shoot him .
I want to go to Africa someday .
I guess that she is over thirty .
I lived in Sasayama two years ago .
I have been studying for two hours .
I don t know anything about their plan .
He pretended that he was a lawyer .
Helen Keller was blind deaf and dumb .
I plan to break up with her .
I can t stand this pain any more .
I lived in Japan three years ago .
Do you know what color she likes ?
I get along with my younger brother .
He wanted to get his shirts washed .
How long have you known Miss Smith ?
I helped my father with the work .
How do you like your eggs done ?
How do you like your eggs done ?
I want you to meet my parents .
I have a friend living in London .
How long have you lived in Sasayama ?
How about taking a walk with us ?
He has no choice but to resign .
I have known Taro for ten years .
He has been dead for ten years .
He should have bought a used car .
I saw him swim across the river .
He doesn t seem to be an American .
I bet ten dollars on that horse .
Does Tom need to stay home today ?
He mistook me for my twin brother .
He placed the ladder against the fence .
I hear that he sold his house .
He is the chief of my department .
I went to the park last Saturday .
I can t put up with his arrogance .
Do you want to have sushi tonight ?
He doesn t know how to play golf .
I have a feeling he is right .
I brush my teeth twice a day .
I have some good news for you .
He took me to the park yesterday .
He lived in the center of London .
He is difficult to get along with .
He is hard to get along with .
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday .
He did not speak unless spoken to .
I have no place to sleep tonight .
I ve nowhere to sleep tonight .
Prices are double what they were two years ago .
His brother goes to school by bus .
He owes his success to good luck .
He s a student at this college .
Here s the map you are looking for .
Fred was thrilled to buy the car .
He tries hard .
I have known her for five years .
He was not aware of the danger .
He works in a big city hospital .
He worked in a big city hospital .
Do you like to cook Japanese foods ?
He is also very famous in Japan .
He asked me where my uncle lived .
I studied for a while this morning .
This child don t know what s coming for him .
I heard him play the piano once .
I can t stand that kind of politician .
He was willing to work for others .
I wanted to show it to you .
He earned his living as a teacher .
He earned his living as a teacher .
Choose one .
I walked as far as the station .
I have no knife to cut with .
I bought a camera the other day .
I left my umbrella in the cab .
Sorry it took me so long to write to you .
Who am I ?
I want to kiss you .
I want to kiss you .
I am going to Hawaii next year .
He threw a rock into the pond .
He wants to be a tennis player .
I have to study for the test .
He came all the way from Chicago .
How much is the tour per person ?
George seems to be a good boy .
I m used to working all night .
He went to New York by airplane .
Fred wrote his mother a long letter .
I want this work finished by five .
He lives in that house over there .
He had his shirt on inside out .
He is able to play the guitar .
I share a bedroom with my sister .
I tried to listen to him carefully .
He pretended to be a stupid man .
I asked her to wait a moment .
Don t stay in the sun too long .
I usually go to school by bicycle .
I got it for next to nothing .
Don t let her go out after dark .
I read about him in the newspaper .
How about going out for a walk ?
I know that she has been busy .
How far is it to the station ?
I spent yen on a new CD .
I like to listen to the radio .
I like to listen to the radio .
I don t understand what you are saying .
He was too young to live alone .
I think that they will be late .
He has a great sense of humour .
George is the captain of our team .
I have to get my computer repaired .
I asked Tom to open the window .
I finished reading the book last night .
He could no longer stand the pain .
I tried to change her mind but I couldn t .
He will regret it sooner or later .
France is to the south of England .
Don t forget to turn the light off .
He goes to bed at eight o clock .
I agree with you on this point .
He has a strong sense of responsibility .
I found what I was looking for .
Hollywood isn t what it used to be .
I don t like the way he speaks .
Does this bus go to the museum ?
He heard the news on the radio .
Do you know where your father went ?
How can I get to the station ?
For the teacher teaching her was fun .
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice .
He has a large farm in Colorado .
I have to find a part time job .
He answered my question with a no . 
He has at least one thousand books .
I agree with you on this issue .
I warned him not to be late .
I think that she knows the truth .
I don t know whether she will come .
I study for hours every day .
He came to Japan two years ago .
I think my right arm is broken .
I don t have much money on me .
I don t know who made the cake .
He has been sick since last night .
He went to New York on Monday .
I will teach you to play chess .
He forgot to turn off the light .
I have not heard from her recently .
I arrived at the station on time .
Do you usually have tea for breakfast ?
I felt that my honor was at stake .
We couldn t open the door because it was locked from within .
He made remarkable progress in English .
Let s finish up in a hurry .
My uncle lived abroad for many years .
He has a good grasp of English .
 Where do you live ? I live in Tokyo . 
He asked me to speak more slowly .
I don t mind waiting for a while .
I was unable to finish my homework .
I am unable to finish my homework .
I was afraid I might be late .
I asked him to drive me home .
I feel like taking a bath now .
He was in time for the appointment .
He ran faster than his brother did .
Is she your mother ?
Things that modify nouns adjective or adjectival equivalent .
I m tired of dancing .
You will soon hear from him .
We spent the entire day on the beach .
You shouldn t tell him anything about her .
I saw five men .
I feel sad every now and then .
She is as beautiful as Snow White .
You re welcome .
You are welcome .
A fall into a pit a gain in your wit .
Neither of those two students passed the test .
It s my birthday soon .
I d like to finish the work on my own .
He lives in a village near Osaka .
I don t know where my crutches are . Have you seen them ?
Learning English requires patience .
Don t take things so seriously .
I saw the film which was not so good .
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today .
I hope you will call again .
He was elected captain of the team .
He brought me to the bus stop .
He took me to the station .
Where am I ?
Where am I ?
Magic plays an important part in primitive society .
Get away !
Get lost !
He returned home from Europe in when the war broke out .
Boxing is not always a rough sport .
No one can control him .
That is worth considering .
Please help me .
Shall we rest a bit ?
She s only a child .
Remember !
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others .
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others which ensures they will always be lonely .
I heard you .
This is the very book you wanted .
He is old enough to understand it .
He is old enough to understand it .
He is an excellent fixer and has always been regarded as such .
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work .
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work .
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way .
Prove it by experiment .
He extended his right arm .
This has been the driest six months in thirty years .
I run .
The sun went below the horizon .
We know that all men are mortal .
No students were absent .
We were all greatly amused by his jokes .
I know a guy named Smith .
I am acquainted with one Mr . Smith .
He is very much a scholar .
He is confronted by many difficulties .
He came at three in the afternoon .
I am a Japanese high school girl .
I listened to some CDs last night .
I was angry because he was late .
I was tired but I couldn t sleep .
He was laughed at by his friends .
He often takes me for a drive .
He visited her house the other day .
How long has Ken lived in Kobe ?
I have lived in Tokyo since .
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct and are correctly spelled .
Coffee ends a meal .
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto related questions .
Helen graduated from high school last year .
I have been in Kobe since .
He is still sitting on the bench .
I was born in Hiroshima in .
I was almost hit by a car .
He seldom if ever goes to church .
He was run over by a car .
He may have taken the wrong train .
I saw you driving your new car .
I enjoyed driving on the new highway .
I met her late in the evening .
He built a new house for himself .
I ll be back at seven o clock .
He painted a picture of a dog .
How do you spell your family name ?
How do you want your hair cut ?
How do you want your hair cut ?
He went to New York on business .
He broke up the chair for firewood .
I intend to go to the barbershop .
I m afraid I must say goodbye .
The child has a case of chicken pox .
Do you speak Klingon ?
Can you speak Klingon ?
A word is enough to a wise man .
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young .
My wife s part time job brings in a little extra money .
Hello are you Mr Ogawa ?
Do you want to be an actor in a movie ?
Will he be able to catch the train ?
She presumes him to be innocent .
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache .
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache .
Seen from a plane that island is very beautiful .
The police will soon arrive on the scene .
She is watering the flowers .
He had the illusion that he was a genius .
Look at that tall building .
As soon as I left home I ran into her .
This animal is bigger than that one .
You obtained more than me .
To my surprise the door was unlocked .
Was the baby crying then ?
We live in the United States .
I don t want to talk about the weather .
I got it free .
My mother took me to the park .
I have been reading this for a few hours .
That s nonsense . Nobody but a fool would believe it .
His words surprised me .
Those houses are years old .
The miser opened the box to find his money stolen .
I can dispense with her help .
Those pictures were painted by him .
Water is much needed .
One of the dogs is alive .
Those chairs are in the way .
Please put those chairs away .
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain .
I ll gladly pay you anytime .
We were more or less disappointed about the election .
It rained on and off all day .
May they live long !
Who is this please ?
Actions speak louder than words .
Actions speak louder than words .
Actions speak louder than words .
She showed us a beautiful hat .
His answer depends on his mood .
His answer depends on his mood .
She surpasses me in English .
He is now either in Rome or in Paris .
He has a lot of original ideas .
He failed to pass his driving test .
He saw a dog near the door .
I am always at home on Sundays .
I don t blame you for hitting him .
I was out of town on vacation .
How are you going to get home ?
Have you finished writing the letter yet ?
How long have you been in Kushiro ?
He likes taking care of the garden .
I spent last Sunday reading a novel .
I think you re a really nice guy .
He said that you had better go .
He gave us the signal to begin .
He gave us the signal to begin .
I didn t go to school last month .
He quickly went out of the room .
He has a large family to support .
He has a large family to support .
I told you to stop didn t I ?
He was admitted without taking the exam .
Do you know why she couldn t come ?
I need a good pair of sunglasses .
He stayed there a couple of days .
He found the box under the table .
Give this book to whoever wants it .
I ll call as soon as I am at the airport .
I bought this book the other day .
I don t blame you for doing that .
I can t remember how to go there .
He lived to be seventy years old .
He introduced me to a pretty girl .
I was unable to complete the task .
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country .
He backed his car into the garage .
He is very good at playing violin .
He was tired but he kept working .
He bought his daughter a new dress .
I must hand in the report today .
I want to buy something to eat .
I went skiing at Zao last winter .
I want to eat some cake first .
I don t mind walking in the rain .
I think this book is worth reading .
He is the father of two children .
I was delayed by a traffic jam .
I don t like the way he talks .
He would not listen to my advice .
He dropped the cup and broke it .
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning .
For that reason he lost his job .
I asked Tom about his new book .
I was tired so I didn t go .
I have known him for ten years .
He often stays up late at night .
He comes to Tokyo once a year .
I found a coin on the sidewalk .
I had him write it .
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children .
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop .
It took me half an hour to work out this problem .
I was born in the winter .
How do you spend the New Year ?
Does it sound like I m in love ?
Do you know when she will come ?
Her mother made her a new dress .
He arrived in time for the meeting .
I need some help with my work .
He put his hands in his pockets .
I want to get rid of it .
I am expecting a letter from her .
He got off at the next station .
He won t go on to graduate school .
I am in favor of your proposal .
He thought that he was a genius .
I agree with your opinion about taxes .
He is very stingy with his money .
Hurry up or you ll miss the bus .
I will play the guitar for you .
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu .
He lost his eyesight in an accident .
I expected him to offer some help .
He was afraid of being laughed at .
He s a little taller than you are .
I usually got to bed about eleven .
I advise you to give up drinking .
Even with all his money he s unhappy .
I forgot to give him the message .
I don t know when he ll come again .
He is studying in the library now .
To me there aren t any fundamental differences between the cultures of these two countries .
We re all human beings so in my opinion each country s culture is the same .
Although people like to focus on the differences I think that on the whole it s the same .
When answering this question some people might put forward this kind of example Chinese people are very hospitable whilst English people are more reserved . 
Maybe this opinion is correct .
However I ve never been a guest in an English household that wasn t generous .
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home .
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language .
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries .
This is due to English being a world language .
There are many people in the world studying English so English people are used to learners non standard accents their grammatical errors and so on .
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say .
Of course another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English .
Furthermore I still don t think this a huge cultural difference .
I hung my hat on the peg .
He works hard all the year round .
He has a lot of foreign stamps .
He has lived here for one week .
Don t forget to put out the fire .
How often have you been to Europe ?
I rented a house with a garage .
I can understand what she is saying .
I took a cab to the station .
I asked him where he was going .
He was brought up by his uncle .
He is used to getting up early .
He consented to help the old lady .
I came to Japan two years ago .
He held a package under his arm .
He held a package under his arm .
He didn t come to the last meeting .
Don t judge a man by his clothes .
I will live in Sasayama next year .
He did not work on Sunday night .
I slipped and fell down the stairs .
I am sick and tired of him .
I have been warned against going there .
I want to breathe some fresh air .
I hear my uncle died of cancer .
I look forward to your next visit .
They came to John and told him .
He said that it would probably rain .
I caused him a lot of trouble .
I heard a knock at the door .
Do you know why she s so angry ?
I think he will do his best .
I don t want to do anything risky .
How did you get to know Mary ?
I gave her just what she needed .
I was terribly confused by his question .
He was forced to sign the document .
I thought it best to remain silent .
I have a dog and a cat .
He left the book on the table .
He is not qualified for the job .
I want to go abroad next year .
I am positive that he has finished .
Let s carry on the discussion .
You can come in .
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels .
In the Edo period moon viewing parties were very popular .
Here is a photograph of my family .
He isn t less clever than his brother .
I don t know anything about his past .
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo .
He bumped his head against a post .
I know that you did your best .
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation .
I had a strange dream last night .
I can t do any more than this .
I can t do any more than this .
He hit his head against a rock .
He lived to be eighty years old .
I want something cold to drink now .
He left his luggage at the station .
I look forward to seeing you again .
I don t have the address with me .
He bored us with his long stories .
I want to be a baseball player .
He s busy with his homework now .
She was advised by him to go to the police .
Do we care ?
I passed the city hall on my way to the station .
He has been dead for three years .
I spent my vacation at the beach .
I hope you ll get well soon .
I want you to stay here longer .
I m busy looking for an apartment .
I can solve the problem by myself .
His wife opened the door for him .
He was the first person to arrive .
He got married to Ann last month .
I helped my father wash his car .
He is doing very well at school .
I hear you are good at cooking .
I have been a teacher for years .
Take as many peaches as you like .
I interpreted her silence as a refusal .
I went without food for a week .
I don t like living in the country .
I will pay you the money tomorrow .
I haven t been getting enough sleep lately .
I heard our dog barking all night .
I hope he hasn t had an accident .
I will give you the money tomorrow .
He had his socks on inside out .
He lost his eyesight in that accident .
I can t put up with this smell .
I think his opinion is very important .
He helped the lady into the car .
He likes to cook for his family .
He has been waiting for an hour .
Don t show your face around here again .
He was named Horatio after his uncle .
I was embarrassed by what she said .
I used to swim in this river .
He has been sick since last Sunday .
He s not at all afraid of snakes .
I want to play tennis with Judy .
He is not ashamed of being poor .
I had hoped to meet you there .
I will find you a good doctor .
I learned a lot from his books .
He is very afraid of his mother .
I don t know and neither does he .
I like taking a walk in the forest .
I like taking walks in the woods .
Since that time we have not seen him .
He had kept the secret to himself .
I had a good time last evening .
His house is not far from here .
I ll be seeing Mary this afternoon .
She is always well made up .
If you want to learn a language well learn it on your own .
Play the Humppa !
In U .S . bakeries a baker s dozen is not .
She always gets her own way .
That girl is good looking .
In other words you re stupid .
This is a strange sentence .
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen .
The man ate the bread .
Hi my name is Omid .
He doesn t speak our language .
I am not the least bit worried .
I asked him what his name was .
I don t like either tea or coffee .
I have a friend living in Nara .
I asked Nancy to stay at home .
He goes to London once a month .
I am going to major in French .
I don t like the taste of onions .
He came to Japan seven years ago .
His mother used to be a singer .
He is the richest man on earth .
His father eats there twice a week .
He caught a boy stealing his watch .
My father goes to church on Sunday .
Let me introduce my mother to you .
She tends to be late for school .
My wife has just cleared the table .
My mother is busy in the kitchen .
Kate got some money from her father .
There s no possibility of his coming .
Paul ran his hand through his hair .
My father made me a delicious lunch .
Kate listened to the radio all day .
Jane is as old as I am .
She can swim further than I can .
She is going to France next week .
Peter didn t intend to break the vase .
It s illegal to park your car here .
It was Tom that saved the girl .
You don t have to work so hard .
My brother is living in San Diego .
Make sure you get plenty of rest .
John doesn t know what to do next .
She came from Canada to see me .
I m not always at home on Sundays .
I d like a glass of water please .
I d like a glass of water please .
May I ask you some more questions ?
I will wait for my sister here .
She is as beautiful as her mother .
I m reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon .
Mac knows how to use this computer .
I live in Canton .
He wrote a lot of books on China .
I m always busy these days .
My dream is to go to Japan .
The man you see over there is my uncle .
Please keep an eye on my suitcase .
She can t play the piano very well .
I m tired of him bawling me out .
I m on vacation .
She held her baby in her arms .
I ve just been to the post office .
I would like to order drinks now .
Laura is very particular about her clothes .
She is fluent in English and French .
If you don t go I won t either .
Let us know when you ll arrive .
I wrote a letter to my mother .
My brother took me to the museum .
She complained that my salary was low .
She patted her son on the shoulder .
Many friends came to see me off .
She may realize later what I meant .
She extended her stay by five days .
She extended her stay by five days .
My father takes a bath before supper .
Maria takes piano lessons once a week .
Is this your first visit to Japan ?
Is this your first time in Japan ?
It s ten minutes walk to the station .
Maybe he will be a good teacher .
It s warm here all the year round .
It seems obvious that he is sick .
How romantic !
She made coffee for all of us .
She hung a curtain over the window .
Please wait for me at the station .
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart .
John should be here any minute now .
She looks as if she were drunk .
Put the book back on the shelf .
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health .
Many kinds of birds live in Japan .
I worked on the farm all day .
Maybe I ll go and maybe I won t .
Quite a few people have two cars .
I ll be at home in the morning .
My joints ache when it gets cold .
It looks like Tom won the race .
Keiko do you have any buttered toast ?
My father made me wash the car .
It s a long way to the station .
Mike is the youngest in his family .
Jane may not be at home now .
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom .
I wish you the best of luck .
She didn t like living in the city .
My father is suffering from a cold .
I m not used to speaking in public .
It is getting dark . Let s go home .
I m afraid she may have the mumps .
It is going to rain very soon .
Sadako Sasaki died on October .
Hi .
I told her that you re a nice girl .
How cold it is !
Every year the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door to door to sell Frisian books .
He works at a scientific institute where linguists literature scholars historians sociologists economists and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes .
In the morning I always wake up around seven o clock .
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents .
How cold it is !
Nothing seems to grow in this soil .
She accused me of being a liar .
My grandmother made me a new dress .
My sister washes her hair every morning .
Please put the book on the shelf .
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C .
Is there a post office near here ?
It s impossible to get there by noon .
Let us know whether you can come .
Let s meet in front of the theater .
Please sit on the sofa and relax .
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous .
I m getting married to her in June .
Is this the right train for Tokyo ?
Mary asked her son to behave himself .
Is there any coffee in the kitchen ?
Jane appears to be enjoying the party .
I d rather you stayed at home .
Is there someone who could help me ?
I d like to change yen to dollars .
Mr . Johnson s room was a large one .
Mu shu pork is my speciality .
I ve known Jim since we were children .
It s about a ten minute drive from here .
I ll see you a week from today .
If you re wrong then I m wrong too .
Today many people worry about losing their jobs .
Please come over if you have time .
Ken seems to be a friendly person .
Ken seems to be a friendly person .
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize .
I wish you had come with us .
She keeps a parrot as a pet .
She knows how to play the guitar .
Can I come too ?
A leopard never changes its spots .
As far as I could make out he was experimenting with new methods .
Did he look like a doctor ?
If you enjoy the work you do you have something worth more than money .
The big tree was struck by lightning .
All that time the things granddad had said like the sound of flies flying round a melon buzzed in my head .
I don t like to leave things up in the air .
Ken met her on his way home .
She has been dead for ten years .
John is likely to make a mistake .
I wish I didn t have to work .
Ken stopped talking and began to eat .
Mary said she would do her homework .
My father made a shelf for me .
Ken will be at home until noon .
I d like to pay the check please .
I m very glad to see you again .
I ll drop you off at the station .
She decided to resign from her job .
Mr . Smith doesn t speak English does he ?
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse .
My house is just across the street .
My dream is to become a teacher .
Is there any chance that he ll resign ?
She left her gloves in the car .
My father is very angry with me .
She has many friends in Hong Kong .
My boss made me work last Sunday .
Put some more wood on the fire .
It s exactly as you say it is .
It is likely to be fine tomorrow .
No one had anything left to say .
My blood pressure is over .
She cried as she read the letter .
I won t let him come here again .
She always speaks in a low voice .
I d rather walk than take a bus .
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes .
She refused to do what they wanted .
I m not a junior high school student .
She asked us to leave her alone .
Jane kept silent for a long time .
Mike is coming to dinner this evening .
Put the book on the bottom shelf .
If he doesn t come we won t go .
She put the magazine on the table .
My mother is writing a letter now .
Please tell me where to go next .
It is difficult to give up smoking .
My sister is playing with a doll .
She s not as old as Mary .
She put clean sheets on the bed .
It s too dark to play tennis now .
Ken has never been to New York .
Mary has a flower in her hand .
She walked in the woods .
She wants a new hat .
It s not the person that s ugly but the clothes .
The library has many books .
The milk has gone bad .
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee .
The new car is hers .
My brother died of cancer last year .
She asked me where I was going .
I m not sure of the exact date .
It isn t necessary to answer that letter .
The old man looked wise .
I want to die with Getter Jaani .
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control .
I want to die with Getter Jaani .
Skating is one of my hobbies .
I objected to his paying the bill .
Place it wherever you like .
His store is always crowded with customers .
He reproached me for carelessness .
In nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness .
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo .
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA .
As it is I can not pay you .
Who is that girl waving to you ?
I ve just been to my uncle s house .
Ah we have run short of sugar .
She is now eighty one years old .
She goes to a girls high school .
I d like my coffee after the meal .
She became a true friend of mine .
The topic is worth discussing .
Her skin is smooth .
From the look of the sky it may rain in the afternoon .
How fast Tom works !
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down .
Kim and I are the same age .
She promised not to go out alone .
She is a native speaker of French .
My hair is as long as Jane s .
My plan is to study in Australia .
She is poor but she is happy .
None of these buses go to Shinjuku .
None of these buses go to Shinjuku .
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted .
Please wrap it like a Christmas present .
Please call me at my hotel later .
May I come and see you tomorrow ?
I wish she had come last night .
I wish she had come last night .
Linda can dance as well as Meg .
Is it cheaper to call after ?
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday .
It s about time we went to bed .
I wish we had won the game .
I wish we had won the game .
One of the girls was left behind .
Please tell me what I should do .
Let me show you around our house .
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot .
It makes no difference who I meet .
I d like to try on this dress .
My father drives a very old car .
Mary helped her mother with the cooking .
He is lacking in experience .
Those without knowledge can do nothing and those who can do nothing can eat nothing .
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking .
There are no difficult things in the world but only weak hearted people .
A picture is worth a thousand words .
Please take a look at this picture .
I like to be with you .
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself .
Fire is always dangerous .
Fire is always dangerous .
They don t even know why .
She cooks chicken the way I like .
Say hello to your father for me .
Say hi to your father for me .
My son is engaged to his secretary .
I wish to climb Mt . Fuji again .
Kate was forced to read the book .
She began to like him right away .
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth .
I would like to tell you something .
My father takes a walk every day .
I d like to make an overseas call .
She played a tune on the piano .
I m a member of the swimming club .
My canary was killed by a cat .
I belong to the swimming club .
I m a member of the swimming club .
I m going to Paris in the fall .
She found her purse under the desk .
She found her purse under the desk .
She has to look after her mother .
Please add my name to the list .
Please add my name to the list .
I wish Tom were my younger brother .
I wish Tom were my younger brother .
If you need anything let me know .
May I come and see you now ?
She had the nerve to speak out .
She had the nerve to speak out .
I will wait here till he comes .
I wish I had a better memory .
I wish I had a better memory .
I m going to take the train .
Please stay as long as you wish .
There will be blood .
I wish I could buy a motorcycle .
She says she will call you later .
She helped me to clear snow away .
She had the boys paint the house .
Please get me a scrap of paper .
She scolded her son for being lazy .
It was fun playing in the park .
Please tell us what to do next .
I would rather not go there alone .
I ll have to find a part time job .
When I grow up I want to be king .
The volcano has become active again .
Please don t look at me like that .
May I pay with a travelers check ?
My daughter is in her late teens .
I woke up at five this morning .
It can be done in a day .
She said that she had been happy .
I m opposed to any type of war .
I ll miss you when you re gone .
Mary is going to help us tomorrow .
My grandfather died when I was a boy .
Mike had his teeth checked last week .
It is not always cold in Hokkaido .
I wish you could come with us .
Long skirts are out of fashion now .
Long skirts are out of fashion now .
She borrowed a saw from the farmer .
I would like to visit New York .
She has been sick for three weeks .
Jane took her dog for a walk .
Let me know where you re staying .
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka .
I m getting off at the next station .
Mt . Fuji can be seen from here .
I wonder what happened to his sister .
She doesn t seem to be an American .
She found a ball in the garden .
She cut the apple with a knife .
Let s wait here till he comes back .
Let s wait here until he comes back .
She always looked happy but never was .
It was Mike that telephoned the police .
None of his advice was very useful .
She gave birth to a healthy baby .
Masaru wants to join the English Club .
It s no good trying to persuade her .
May I see your driver s license sir ?
I m having a great time in Canada .
Jack brushed the dust off his coat .
It was very dark in Susan s room .
She ought to have arrived by now .
It is easy to answer this question .
I wish you had told me that .
Is there any chance that he ll recover ?
Put the book on the top shelf .
I wish you had told me that .
She hung the calendar on the wall .
My mother is a very good cook .
My mother is a very good cook .
I d like seats on the first floor .
I m looking forward to seeing you again .
She made a new suit for him .
I ve been there a couple of times .
I wish I were a little taller .
I m too tired to walk any further .
She bought a toy for her child .
She asked him to open the window .
She asked him to open the window .
Let s eat while the food is warm .
I ll be taking a vacation next month .
It is dangerous to drive so fast .
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend .
She squeezed the juice from many oranges .
She squeezed the juice from many oranges .
May I have a road map please ?
I wish I knew where he was !
Ken was fined yen for speeding .
I m sure that he ll come on time .
My father is shaving in the bathroom .
May I go to the movies tonight ?
Let s not talk about it any more .
It has been raining for two days .
My brother is a high school student .
She refused my offer to help her .
Mary set the basket on the table .
Our teacher comes to school by car .
She doesn t know how to play golf .
Jack bought a present for his friend .
She sang a Japanese song for us .
Kate knows how to make a cake .
I d like a room facing the garden .
My name doesn t appear on the list .
She didn t need to do that work .
It is not easy to master English .
Our library is on the third floor .
She backed her car into the garage .
I m counting how many people there are .
My mother made me a white dress .
She carried the box under her arm .
I d like to reserve a single room .
She must still be in her twenties .
She put the key in her pocket .
Let s take a walk in the park .
This river is dangerous to swim in .
It s dangerous to swim in this river .
That river is dangerous to swim in .
My car burns a lot of gas .
My house is close to the park .
Please give me something hot to drink .
Look at that picture on the desk .
I wish I were in Paris now .
My office is on the fifth floor .
Mrs . Wood was a very good cook .
Mrs . Wood was a very good cook .
She cleaned her room in a hurry .
Let s go and swim in the river .
Please help me fill out this form .
My leg was bitten by that dog .
Mary won t listen to her friend s advice .
She had a basket full of apples .
It is expensive to live in Japan .
I d like a table by the window .
She elbowed her way onto the train .
We should sit down .
She has a flower in her hand .
Our teacher made us clean the room .
John had a bad cold last week .
I ll bring my sister to the party .
It turned out that I was right .
It s too dark to play baseball now .
She played the guitar and he sang .
She must have taken the wrong bus .
She kept him waiting half an hour .
Is there a service charge for that ?
I wish that she would stop smoking .
I m awfully sorry that I was late .
Let s take the children to the zoo .
One of your buttons has come off .
Please give me a glass of milk .
John will be here in five minutes .
The whale is well known to be the largest mammal .
I m going to check out at eight .
I ve heard that Mary wants a divorce .
I heard that Mary wants a divorce .
I wish to visit Egypt someday .
She accused me of telling a lie .
My brother takes care of our dog .
She is going to Sendai this spring .
Mayuko took a bite of my apple .
I m looking forward to hearing from you .
She and I are the same age .
I d like to swim in this river .
It is going to be cold tonight .
Is this the right bus for Boston ?
Mr . Tanaka can play the piano well .
She is good at playing the piano .
I m just a plain old office worker .
It s almost time to go to bed .
It was Janet that won first prize .
Please stay here till I get back .
Ken has not washed the car yet .
She accused me of making a mistake .
It has nothing to do with you .
It has nothing to do with you .
One of the children left the door open .
She is looking for her car keys .
John and Mary broke up last week .
She stayed in the house all day .
May I see your boarding pass please ?
She asked him to mail that letter .
She got to the station at seven .
I wonder which way is the shortest .
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence .
It will clear up in the afternoon .
I d rather not go out this evening .
I wish I could have spoken Spanish .
I wondered if her story was true .
Mike has a few friends in Florida .
She is fond of singing old songs .
Send us a telegram when you arrive .
She banged the table with her fist .
May I share this table with you ?
Kenji is a good speaker of English .
I ll stay here till you get back .
Our cow doesn t give us any milk .
No thank you . I m just looking around .
Ned comes from the state of Utah .
She is wearing a white dress today .
I would like to know her name .
I wish he had attended the meeting .
She always studies while listening to music .
Do you like rain ?
It s too bad that you couldn t come .
Please let me know what you want .
Naomi has just finished her work .
I wish I were a good singer .
I wonder why karaoke is so popular .
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning .
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident .
I wouldn t sell that at any price .
She got on a bus for Harajuku .
She cried when she heard the news .
Is there any possibility of his resigning ?
Nick didn t pass the exam did he ?
My son is taller than I am .
I wish I could buy that guitar .
Is the room big enough for you ?
Mike asked that he not be disturbed .
My mother is in the hospital now .
Mr . Johnson s room was a large room .
My father got home late last night .
Please bring us two cups of coffee .
It s not polite to point at others .
Many people were killed in the war .
Please move your bicycle out of here .
May I have something hot to drink ?
If the car breaks down we ll walk .
She didn t want to speak to anyone .
It was very nice seeing you again .
She can play the piano very well .
I ll never forget what you told me .
My uncle gave his car to me .
She left her umbrella in the train .
My father will come home at seven .
May I introduce you to Dr . Johnson ?
My brother and I shared the room .
She didn t like the horse at first .
Please show me what to do next .
Please show me what to do next .
I d like to have cake for dessert .
Married people sometimes wish they were single .
I m old enough to live by myself .
She has the large house to herself .
I ve spent dollars in one day .
She is two years older than you .
She s two years older than you .
Is this the train for New York ?
My hair is longer than Jane s is .
Put the book where you found it .
Keep the money in a safe place .
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German .
She seems to have known the secret .
She has a lot of English books .
Put the book back where it was .
She left her umbrella on the bus .
She rushed home with the good news .
My brother goes to college in Kobe .
My father has five brothers and sisters .
My father has five siblings .
It is difficult to play the piano .
She may have missed the train .
I ve not heard that she will come .
I d like to pay by credit card .
My plans failed one after the other .
I ll see you whenever it suits you .
My dog follows me wherever I go .
It s said that she s a well known actress .
Ken wants to be a baseball player .
Mr . Yamanaka looks young for his age .
I m tired of listening to his boasts .
Please take me to the Grand Hotel .
Kate is not as tall as Anne .
I ve known her for a long time .
Is your school far from your home ?
Let me introduce you to Mr . Murata .
John took a walk along the river .
She played a waltz on the piano .
Let me have a look at it .
She is old enough to know better .
It s warm for this time of year .
Let me help you with your work .
It s rude to talk during a concert .
She spread the butter on the bread .
She is busy preparing for the trip .
I would like to speak English fluently .
I would like to speak English fluently .
Is this the bus for Park Ridge ?
My aunt sent me a birthday present .
I m looking for a room for rent .
I ll get in touch with you soon .
I wish you could have been there .
Peter doesn t need to attend the meeting .
It s a pity that you couldn t come .
Ken seems to have a terrible cold .
I saw wolves in the Appennines .
What language is spoken in America ?
Meg and Ken sat on the bench .
My sister got married in her teens .
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday .
She gave me a book for Christmas .
She returned the book to the library .
Jane skipped the questions she couldn t answer .
My father takes a walk every morning .
If it rains tomorrow I won t go .
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six .
I m sorry that you are leaving here .
Who is the girl in this picture ?
The boy doesn t know how to behave .
Where did you get your hair cut ?
We saw the children enter the room .
The post office is down the street .
Where in Austria did you grow up ?
Thank you for coming to meet me .
Thank you for coming to meet me .
They will arrive a week from today .
This is a picture of my sister .
She told us the road was closed .
We had a good time playing cards .
Where are you going to eat lunch ?
We managed to get there on time .
The bicycle under the tree is mine .
The couple is walking hand in hand .
What kind of meal did you eat ?
The road is too narrow for cars .
The road is too narrow for cars .
Susan greeted her guests at the door .
What time shall I pick you up ?
We saw him walking across the street .
What did you do with that book ?
Women tend to live longer than men .
She was almost hit by a car .
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday .
You re a friend of Tom s aren t you ?
What s the local time in Tokyo now ?
Would you please tell me the way ?
Will you please show me the way ?
What have you done with my bag ?
The teacher let the boy go home .
This has nothing to do with you .
She went to the museum by cab .
There are some cookies in the jar .
Would you like a cup of coffee ?
The movie theater was filled with people .
What kind of sandwich do you want ?
When did you learn of Mary s divorce ?
What did you do with those books ?
These are cakes that she baked herself .
Who do you want to speak to ?
Who do you want to talk to ?
What kind of wine do you have ?
The girl walking with Ken is May .
We got behind the car and pushed .
Milan Kundera is my favourite writer .
We talked about a variety of topics .
Will you show me your photo album ?
Would you please wait for a minute ?
The teacher told us to be quiet .
What did you say your name was ?
What are you going to do tomorrow ?
We are both in the same class .
There was a big fire last night .
There was a big fire last night .
Tell him to mind his own business .
There are many ships in the harbor .
The smell of food made me hungry .
They named their cats Tom and Jerry .
What is the meaning of this phrase ?
What do you have in your bag ?
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving .
The paint was coming off the wall .
The library is on the second floor .
It was lucky for you that you found it .
What kind of work will you do ?
Turn off the television . I can t concentrate .
The man was held in police custody .
We ll go on a picnic next Sunday .
This desk takes up too much room .
This table takes up too much space .
They say that he is very rich .
What are you going to do tonight ?
She s about the same height as you .
Excuse me is this seat taken ?
This is a picture of my family .
This is a picture of my family .
Yesterday s board meeting was a big success .
Yesterday s board meeting was a big success .
She went to Italy to study music .
This store has a variety of spices .
The roses in the garden are blooming .
Tom is a very good tennis player .
What did you do with my luggage ?
We are traveling on a tight budget .
We are traveling on a tight budget .
You and I have the same idea .
That s the chair that I really like .
This is the house where he lives .
This is the house where he lived .
She went to the park with him .
The baby is playing with some toys .
You don t have to get up early .
You re the best man for the job .
You re the best man for the job .
Look at that koala over there .
We met in front of the school .
You should drive at a safe speed .
Look at that koala over there .
The wind is blowing from the east .
That s enough money to cover the expenses .
That white dress looks good on you .
They all looked for the lost child .
They all searched for the lost child .
They all looked for the lost child .
The camera will cost at least .
That bicycle is too small for you .
The plane crash was only last week .
Taro bought a used car last week .
This box is too bulky to carry .
Not everyone can afford a car .
Put your hat on .
The sun always rises in the east .
Tom is the tallest in his class .
She was named Kate after her mother .
We give a discount for cash .
We went to the movies last night .
Where will the bus pick us up ?
The cost of living has gone up .
We went down a river by canoe .
When will you come back to school ?
They didn t know what to do first .
That red dress looks good on her .
Vladivostok is a city in Russia .
Vladivostok is a city in Russia .
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido .
That tie goes well with your shirt .
Who is the man playing the piano ?
They say that old house is haunted .
Who is the man playing the violin ?
Tell me how you solved the problem .
The coach considers Bob a good player .
The boy came running into the room .
The door is locked at nine o clock .
The door is locked at nine o clock .
They were afraid of the big dog .
When would you like to see him ?
You must not go out after dinner .
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand .
It s for free .
You should drink a lot of liquid .
You can do whatever you want to .
We are going to a dance tomorrow .
They decided to get married next month .
The child followed me to the park .
You can t build buildings on swampy land .
We watched a baseball game on television .
We didn t know what to do next .
We had a good time last night .
We had a nice time last night .
The baby tore up a ten dollar bill .
This little baby tore up a dollar bill .
When eating the largest plate is always the table .
This dog was born two months ago .
This is the worst hotel in town .
You must not be late for school .
That red sweater looks good on you .
Where would you like to go next ?
We still have plenty of time left .
We have plenty of time to spare .
Will you please turn down the radio ?
They drive on the left in England .
Why don t you give it another try ?
There used to be a bridge here .
Write it down before you forget it .
We can see Mt . Fuji clearly today .
Will you sell your car to me ?
That s the man who lives next door .
Tom and Jane got married last month .
Sooner or later we ll know the truth .
There was no furniture in that room .
The rumor turned out to be true .
This old book is worth yen .
We named him Thomas after his grandfather .
You d better do what they say .
Some of the essays are very interesting .
The machine is out of order .
What is the central aim of this plan ?
The girl vanished like magic .
Who cares when she will marry ?
It won t be long before your dream comes true .
Who will take care of the baby ?
What did you do with that camera ?
She went to Italy to learn Italian .
There were many people at the concert .
There was a heavy rain last night .
They were in Joe s class last year .
Rub out these words with your eraser .
She wore a white dress .
Everyone paired off and began dancing .
Canada is on the north side of America .
He always tells the truth .
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company .
Bring the water to a boil .
Boil the water .
I want this work done by next Thursday .
Don t make fun of old people .
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship .
Will you take part in the ceremony ?
Tom will be able to swim soon .
There are some boys in the park .
You can buy it at any bookstore .
The teacher assembled the students in the hall .
Come here quickly .
Such a behavior gives rise to problem .
I have the same trouble as you have .
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket .
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb .
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb .
Don t put the cart before the horse .
Don t put the cart before the horse .
Rub salt in the wound .
Dick talks as if he knew everything .
Did you know that if you plug a pickle into an electrical outlet it glows and makes buzzing noises ?
Look out ! There s a hole in the road .
Reduce to pulp by boiling .
I think you will have done all the work soon .
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf .
All of the milk was spilled .
All of the milk was spilled .
He held her hand in a firm clasp .
 cubed is .
Three cubed is twenty seven .
Three cubed makes twenty seven .
You are just saying that .
Remember me to your family .
She is an industrial designer .
That film was a great draw .
It s only a matter of time .
The major religions in China are Taoism Buddhism Islam and Christianity .
Of these Taoism is a native religion the others having been introduced from foreign lands .
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi a sage born in B .C . in present day Henan Province .
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind .
His teachings are incorporated in a profound book Daode Jing which Taoists regard as the final authority and doctrines of the religion .
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in A .D . during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty .
Afterwards because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought culture and art .
Islam first reached China about the middle of the th century .
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers .
In Robert Morrison the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou .
He and a colleague who went to China later translated The New Testament into Chinese .
It has it is in the heart of the Chinese people .
There is it is in the heart of the Chinese people .
I m looking for a warm woolen skirt .
John cannot be living in London now .
What is John doing now ?
John finished the work at the expense of his health .
John is brave in appearance but is in reality a coward .
John writes a letter to his parents once a month .
John passed among the crowd .
John is envious of your new car .
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French .
Meg bought a can of tomatoes .
Walk faster or you ll miss the train .
I m sorry I didn t reply to you sooner .
Had I arrived earlier I could have seen Kelly .
I should have left earlier .
You should have started by now .
You ought to have come here earlier .
Sorry I didn t e mail you sooner .
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister .
What do my hobbies bring to my life ?
My hobbies are not only wide ranging but also useful .
In my view everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities .
In terms of intellectual hobbies I really like learning Chinese characters .
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day .
Last time I counted I estimated that I know around Chinese characters .
It s obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters so I ought to study other aspects of the language more .
Apart from languages I m also interested in technology .
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods .
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese .
Of those the one I use most often is a flashcard system .
I often read English and Chinese blogs online .
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang I usually don t understand them that well but I still think it s good for my Chinese .
I also run my own website to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit .
As for physical exercise although I loathe most sports I think they re really boring I do like going to the gym to lift weights .
Every other day I go with a friend we lift weights whilst chatting together .
Because there s the chance to help each other as well as some healthy competition I think going to the gym with friends is the best way .
When you re about to have exams lifting weights really does relieve stress and it s also good for your mind and body .
All in all I think my hobbies are balanced they bring some relaxation to my life and at the same time bring focus to my studies .
He s the scapegoat .
 How many keys ? asked Pepperberg .
They are not singing they are flirting with each other .
Tie your shoelaces .
I do not agree with you at all .
I dislike big cities .
We have less snow than usual .
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test .
It s now my turn .
I have never heard him speak ill of others .
The trouble is that we have no money .
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling .
Is it far from here ?
Young tigers resemble cats .
We don t have much time . Let s hurry .
Every man has his own strong points .
I came .
I came .
Father came home .
O the gem is in the lotus h 
Tom what would you like to have for dinner ?
That s the stupidest thing I ve ever said .
Freedom is the center of American democracy .
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius .
When water freezes it becomes ice .
Fresh food is wonderful .
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health .
They became friends in elementary school .
We spent the weekend with friends .
Marriage frightens some people .
Scary movies will frighten the children .
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun ?
This movie is frightening to the children .
The school is five kilometers from my home .
Put the chair in front of the desk .
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower .
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels .
The bus is full . You ll have to wait for the next one .
The fuel tank in the car is full .
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays .
Tom s funeral will be this weekend .
The funeral was yesterday .
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz .
You gain more than you spend when you go to college .
Tom has gained weight .
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play .
What s your favorite game to play with friends ?
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week .
I love the sound of children laughing .
Be quiet please ! Don t make a sound .
There s no space in the room for another bed .
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions .
This work must be finished by Monday .
Why did you come here this morning ?
Will you please show me the way ?
They came all the way from Brazil .
The admission is ten dollars a person .
The admission is ten dollars a person .
We moved to New York last fall .
That man grabbed the young girl s wrist .
There are some boys under the tree .
She used to play tennis on Sunday .
There are many stores in this area .
We had a mild winter last year .
She warned him not to go alone .
There are many books in my room .
You don t have to talk so loud .
You don t need to speak so loud .
We have been to Tokyo many times .
Taxi fares will go up next month .
We asked Hanako to play the piano .
What is the name of this river ?
What is the name of that river ?
What is the name of this river ?
What is the name of that river ?
When did he say he would come ?
The sky is clear almost every day .
You are a good painter aren t you ?
You re in better shape than I am .
There is little chance of his winning .
There is a path through the wood .
The medicine didn t do me any good .
The plane takes off in ten minutes .
Tom is not as old as you .
Will you have another slice of pie ?
Someone has walked off with my pencil .
You d better go back home now .
They waited in line for the bus .
She went down to the fifth floor .
Where in Australia did you grow up ?
She s not as beautiful as her sister .
The weather is usually hot in July .
We have four French classes a week .
The old man walked with a stick .
The girl sitting over there is Nancy .
This song is very popular in Japan .
There was little water in the well .
The history of China is older than that of Japan .
What is the purpose of your visit ?
This book has a lot of pictures .
She took a taxi to the hospital .
There is a school near my house .
The doctor cured him of his cancer .
We can hear the ocean from here .
She waited for you for two hours .
When will the rainy season be over ?
The bicycle by the door is mine .
They believe in a life after death .
They believe in a life after death .
Will you go to America next year ?
We re expecting a good harvest this year .
Watch him and do the same thing .
This T shirt is too small for me .
She thought that he was wasting electricity .
Would you mind my moving your car ?
She used to work for our company .
The girl is small for her age .
We talked until two in the morning .
The light changed from red to green .
What she bought there was a camera .
We flew from London to New York .
Yoko is unable to buy a computer .
She was not a very good pianist .
They ve decided to get married next month .
There is a post office close by .
Would you mind saying that once more ?
Would you mind saying that once more ?
What re you going to do this weekend ?
They made him captain of the team .
You have good reason to be angry .
You d better not have driven my car .
The baby is sleeping in the cradle .
Which group do you want to join ?
We are going downtown to eat pizza .
Without your advice I would have failed .
We talked over the plan with him .
Where is the bus stop for downtown ?
Who is the woman dressed in pink ?
We saw him walk across the street .
There is no hope of his recovery .
You had better not go there again .
Where in Japan did you grow up ?
That hotel was very near the lake .
There used to be a prison here .
Why did you come here so early ?
The car he s driving is not his .
She was very happy with my gift .
What have you been doing this week ?
As usual I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places .
I bared my soul to her .
I spoke from the heart .
He ordered a chop suey .
He ordered a chop suey .
How often do you eat fish ?
Lucy cannot use chopsticks .
Lucy can t use chopsticks .
I d like a city map .
The Japanese government can t cope with the problem .
Not that he couldn t but he s too lazy a man to do it .
Not that he couldn t but he s too lazy a man to do it .
What made you come here so early ?
I can answer your question .
You re never satisfied !
Who owns this house ?
I looked on him as the boss .
His secretary seems to know the truth .
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev .
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev .
He wants the money .
He is very fond of music .
You d better not keep company with him .
I haven t forgotten .
You look good in a kimono .
At times I can t understand him .
The customer did not come .
I m full !
Kids go to school to study .
I have no idea why he did that .
I want to know what you did this summer .
Come back soon .
Hurry back .
In a word life is short .
I feel homesick .
The road was wet from the rain .
Which do you prefer rice or bread ?
The boy playing the guitar is Ken .
Yesterday I met Mary on the street .
What were you doing at that time ?
We saw many ships in the harbor .
The world is running out of oil .
That fox must have killed the hen .
Were you on time for work today ?
What do you think of this plan ?
What do you have the first period ?
You should try to be more polite .
This is the tallest tower in Japan .
Will she go to America next year ?
We ll change trains at the next station .
The cancer has spread to her stomach .
When I came home Tom was studying .
She will accompany me on the piano .
Tom s hope was to win first prize .
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week .
You should be ashamed of your stupidity .
The price does not include the box .
There is the train at o clock .
The baby went to sleep at once .
There is a cat in the kitchen .
She told me she knew my brother .
She was scared to cross the road .
She was afraid to cross the road .
This is a picture of my mother .
Why do you study English every day ?
Was it Jack that broke the window ?
You didn t need to come so early .
We will know the truth before long .
When did you graduate from high school ?
They had to work all year round .
Will you go to the party tonight ?
Why don t you listen to his advice ?
She wasn t able to open the bottle .
This tie doesn t go with my suit .
Would you mind lending me your car ?
Would you like to have some coffee ?
The red dress looked good on her .
The game will probably be called off .
Will you drive me to the hospital ?
Won t you come over to my place ?
Where is the United Airlines check in counter ?
She will be back within a week .
Watch him and do what he does .
The teacher told us a funny story .
Take the first street to the right .
The library is on the th floor .
Food goes bad easily in this season .
Mathematics is his best subject .
We rested for a while .
He can speak both English and French very well .
Which is the heavier of the two ?
As soon as man is born he begins to die .
Her father intends her to be a pianist .
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV .
We can hardly imagine our daily life without television .
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region .
We should learn from those who have gone before us .
She died on a cold night in December .
He saved the drowning child at the cost of his own life .
The storm caused a lot of damage .
What do you think about this plan ?
They kept me waiting for an hour .
Why can Taro speak English so well ?
Why did her father go to Japan ?
We were surprised to hear the news .
We took a walk along the river .
We have lived in Osaka six years .
We must cancel our trip to Japan .
We will go on a picnic tomorrow .
Would you like to leave a message ?
Will you help me move this desk ?
We have many rainy days in June .
What do you need this money for ?
What do you want me to do ?
Who was in charge of today s party ?
Speaking English isn t easy but it s fun .
Tom can swim as fast as you .
We went to the mountains to ski .
Tom is as tall as his father .
The bus stop is across the street .
Would you mind my opening the door ?
Do you mind if I open the door ?
You d better not have eaten the cake .
We saw Jane swimming across the river .
We had seen Jone swimming across the river .
This stone is too heavy to lift .
She told me to open the window .
What you said does not make sense .
You didn t need to take a taxi .
What do you want for Christmas Jenny ?
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate .
There s been a death in his family .
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday .
Why don t you sit down and relax ?
What he said would happen has happened .
They built a bridge across the river .
Tom s Japanese is improving little by little .
Tom has no friends to play with .
If you don t understand ask a question .
It s not that simple .
The man kept talking for an hour .
They are having a really good time .
Will you go to America next month ?
What do the initials NTT stand for ?
We saw a funny movie last Sunday .
She went to the movies by herself .
The price of eggs is going up .
Why don t you take the day off ?
We often eat fish raw in Japan .
Where would you like to go first ?
While I was reading I fell asleep .
What she said did not make sense .
We watched the soccer game on TV .
There is a military base near here .
What time do you leave for school ?
They looked as if they would cry .
Will John come to see us tomorrow ?
You can keep this one for yourself .
There were few people on the beach .
When were potatoes introduced into Japan ?
When my mother was young she was very beautiful .
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies .
They are in danger of extinction .
We learn by experience .
This is the picture of his own painting .
His behavior is contrary to his belief .
Quiet down .
He comes from Genoa .
He comes from Geneva .
Europeans like to drink wine .
What is that building with the green roof ?
This is your doing !
Mr . Green is a history teacher .
I get you .
I haven t decided yet .
She invited Tom and me to the party .
She s as busy as Tom .
She can play the drum .
She especially likes music .
The soldier became a teacher .
I was not scolding you .
Don t listen to her .
Just as food feeds the body so reading feeds the mind .
He s later than you think .
It s later than you think .
What is love ?
We all hope for peace .
When I put yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine four cans dropped down all at once !
Everyone admired his courage .
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines .
Do your best .
I was in an IAA meeting .
The unemployment rate went up to because of the recession .
The dog was hit by a car .
What is the meaning of this word ?
What is the meaning of this word ?
There are four people in my family .
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan .
The oranges in this bag are rotten .
She keeps a record of everything she buys .
The boat is to leave for England this evening .
This desk is better than that one .
Tell me how to solve the problem .
Will you please lend me a stapler ?
What did you major in at college ?
The girl talking with Jim is Mary .
She walked slowly so she wouldn t slip .
Why did you come home so late ?
This bridge was built two years ago .
You had better go to the dentist s .
Was he still here when you arrived ?
You d better wait for the next bus .
By the year the population of our city will have doubled .
She was tired but she kept working .
When did you come back from Tokyo ?
There are some apples in the basket .
We chose John to be our captain .
We had a good time playing chess .
The sun is larger than the moon .
They asked Kate to babysit their child .
That desk is too small for Meg .
This ticket is good for three days .
Would you like to eat with us ?
Tell me where to put these books .
Who do you think broke the window ?
Why did she go to the station ?
Would you mind lending me your pen ?
Would you mind lending me your pen ?
Would you mind if I used your car ?
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog .
The news of his death spread around .
China gives me many different impressions .
Firstly I think that the first time each foreigner is in China the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country .
I still remember the first time I was in China I was in Shandong and I realised that that province alone is twenty six thousand square kilometres bigger than England .
The box is too heavy to carry .
She was very proud of her father .
She was very proud of her father .
Because it s a developing country some aspects of China aren t as good as those in Western countries .
There is something wrong with my car .
However other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries .
There is something wrong with my car .
You can use this computer any time .
For example China s public transport is without a doubt better than the UK s but the UK s public welfare may be better than China s .
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China .
In China s agricultural and industrial areas some people are still very poor .
We left the final decision to him .
What are you going to do today ?
This coffee is too strong for me .
What did you do over the weekend ?
The boy talking with Fred is Mike .
This may not be a real diamond .
This time Bob is likely to win .
She will have to cook for everyone .
The typhoon caused the river to flood .
She went to the museum by taxi .
They have been married for ten years .
This is about as large as that .
We didn t know which bus to take .
There are some eggs in the box .
They are plotting to kill the king .
What is the matter with your car ?
Which one do you think is correct ?
This is the only camera I ve got .
We don t need to attend that meeting .
Whether he comes or not I ll go .
Why don t you go home early today ?
There is a fence around the house .
There is a park near my house .
Why did they turn down your proposal ?
There are members in the club .
That is the office where he works .
There is a church near my house .
This dress cost me over yen .
Two people can enter with this ticket .
They went to the station by car .
What ll you be doing over the weekend ?
The roof was damaged by the storm .
You re dating a Keio student aren t you ?
Work harder if you plan to succeed .
She worked side by side with men .
You d better not go out today .
When will it be convenient for you ?
This is a picture of an airport .
That just doesn t make sense to me .
What color do you think she likes ?
What time did your friend go home ?
This is the house that Jack built .
We had a history quiz this morning .
You ought to be ashamed of yourself .
Tom doesn t run as fast as Bill .
She got over the shock of her father s death .
Yes I think so too .
It is our obligation to help .
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain ?
I am interested in Japanese history .
They tasted the bread .
The parents named their baby Akira .
She testified that she saw the man .
Where do I have to change trains ?
This is the cheapest store in town .
Would you like me to help you ?
Tom is living with his uncle now .
What does she do in the evening ?
What time did he say he d come ?
We arrived at the office on time .
Will you live in Sasayama next year ?
We worked on a farm last summer .
Tom is the tallest in his family .
Were you at school at that time ?
What did you do with my glasses ?
What did you do with my glasses ?
We should have told him the truth .
In Esperanto there are only grammar rules .
They made him do the work again .
You don t have to work on Sundays .
There wasn t any furniture in that room .
She was married to a rich man .
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese .
You can swim much better than him .
The flood caused a lot of damage .
This jacket is a little too big .
Why don t you stay a little while ?
Who did you see at the station ?
She went out to buy some food .
Will you mail this letter for me ?
Their baby is able to walk already .
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow .
There are many fish in this lake .
When are you going to quit smoking ?
You are not to leave this room .
You are not to leave this room .
When you re hungry anything tastes good .
There is little water in the pond .
They have been here for an hour .
We left home early in the morning .
There isn t any milk in the glass .
You can say whatever you want to .
The old man lived there by himself .
Everybody says I look like my father .
There is a basket under the table .
Tom lived in Japan for ten years .
There is a picture on the wall .
There was a big earthquake last night .
What have you done with my pen ?
What have you done with my pen ?
The weather has been unusual this year .
The shopping center is one mile ahead .
There is an urgent message for you .
There will be a math test tomorrow .
We had a lot of rain yesterday .
The day after tomorrow is Tom s birthday .
What do you think of Japanese food ?
Do you like Japanese food ?
Who is the author of this book ?
Your friendship means a lot to me .
There were some boats on the lake .
Why did Jane go to the station ?
Which do you prefer tea or coffee ?
You ve got a great sense of humor .
Short skirts are already out of fashion .
Short skirts are already out of fashion .
Would you like me to explain it ?
Would you like me to explain it ?
What subjects do you like the best ?
She did nothing but cry all the while .
This is the office in which he works .
What he said yesterday is not true .
The firemen soon put out the fire .
You had better not stay up late .
If you gamble on the stock market you are an investor . . . If you gamble on the derivatives market you are a trader . . . If you gamble at the casino you are a loser . . . Morality ?
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression .
She sometimes gets depressed .
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression .
That company is managed by a foreigner .
We reached the top of the mountain .
The balloon was caught in the tree .
Tom gets up at six every morning .
The cat is sleeping on the sofa .
The board is about two meters long .
Which team are you a fan of ?
Which is your favorite team ?
The address on this parcel is wrong .
She was surprised that he showed up .
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then .
Tom made some mistakes in the test .
Tom made some mistakes on the test .
You re a month behind in your rent .
Since he has ambitions he works hard .
The train is minutes late today .
We re going to have a test today .
You must be back by o clock .
We felt the house shake a little .
She was run over by a car .
When will you go back to Japan ?
Tom attached the string to the kite .
What do you do for a living ?
What do you do ?
You can drive a car can t you ?
Can I help ?
The button came off .
Did you push the button ?
I like pop music .
Do you play soccer ?
Almost everybody was invited .
I can hardly walk .
The girl made an awkward bow .
The girl made an awkward bow .
I made an apple pie for you .
We made an appeal for support .
Jane is not as tall as Mary .
I made an abstract of a book .
I made my whole family leave home .
My uncle made a will last year .
He and I walked together .
I think it won t rain tomorrow .
We are happy .
The professor teaches Czech .
Smoking one cigarette a day is a good habit .
Emet is very interested in soccer but simply does not know how to play .
I d like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office .
In a crisis you must get in touch with your teacher .
He made a speech in plain English .
Jiro made a sketch of Mt . Fuji .
She made a series of medical discoveries .
I m more interested in spoken English .
He runs a supermarket in the town .
I admire your ignorance .
This novel is boring .
I m looking forward to your visit .
Who is to blame for the accident ?
The meat has gone bad .
He has made the baseball team .
He has no interest in politics .
I am a Hyogo University student .
He climbed Mt . Fuji .
I don t think he ll say yes .
I don t think he ll say yes .
I don t remember .
I can t remember .
I can t remember .
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet .
What are you cooking ?
My aunt lives in New York .
I ll give you a ride .
She made a mess of the work .
She made a mess of the work .
She made a lot of spelling mistakes .
I made a long journey last year .
He made a journey around the world .
I do not play the piano .
Do you have a soup dish ?
I am Lin .
Let s make a cake .
My wife likes apple pie a lot .
If it doesn t rain let s go out .
Class doesn t begin until eight thirty .
Friends today enemies tomorrow .
All of you have to read it .
If you want to learn Chinese well you can study in China .
Isn t she a doctor ?
His argument is rational .
I m closing my store .
I m closing my store .
Don t be afraid .
Don t be scared .
 Is this Arabic ? No it s Uyghur a language that s spoken in northwestern China . 
What is happiness ?
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have not having what you want .
In my opinion happiness has a few fundamental requirements .
However apart from Buddhists hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle .
Firstly happiness is related to money .
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish .
If you have no way to buy food clothing accommodation and other such daily necessities you definitely won t be able to have peace of mind .
Money is important in this way .
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude .
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities .
As human beings are social animals friendship is an essential part of life .
When you encounter difficulties friends can help you deal with them .
Even if you re really going through hard times a good friend can improve your spirits .
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness .
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages .
This stuff is worth its weight in gold !
I think you had better call on him .
I wish copyrights didn t last so long .
If I hadn t remembered I would have forgotten .
She told me not to tell anyone so I didn t .
The Emperor s Birthday fell on Sunday .
She made a man of him .
AI stands for artificial intelligence .
I am shorter than you .
I caught a cold two days ago .
I decided to be a doctor .
I m very thirsty .
I appreciate good music .
I m not busy now .
I m free tonight .
I am tired of reading .
I am tired of reading .
Betty has climbed the mountain three times .
I always keep my promises .
Dad looked at Mom shyly .
His father doesn t play golf .
I can t shake off my cold .
I am good friends with Bill .
George has an incredibly large Adam s apple .
I agree with him on that point .
I almost laughed out loud .
That s weird .
Strange .
Luke I am your cousin .
Luke I am your father .
Luke I am your son .
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man .
 I m too old to be playing with bugs said the boy .
I agreed with him on the plan .
I caught the man stealing the money .
I am leaving at four .
Thou shalt not kill .
I m a computer scientist .
I asked her out on a date .
I bought her a nice Christmas present .
I did nothing out of the ordinary .
I did nothing out of the ordinary .
Betty seemed surprised at the news .
I m sure they ll win .
I m sure they ll win .
I can t figure him out .
I m playing football now .
It s boring to wait for a train .
She was beside herself with joy .
Where does your grandfather live ?
It may snow in the afternoon .
I like May the best of all the months .
I ll take him with me to the hospital .
The teacher said that the earth is round .
I ate caviar .
I am the fastest runner .
I am the fastest runner .
I can t hear very well .
How about playing tennis ?
I am staying with a friend .
I am interested in music .
I couldn t sleep .
I cannot accept your gift .
My coach said Failure teaches success . 
Under no circumstances must you leave the room .
I will be leaving for Australia next month .
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others .
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building .
I had otitis media last year .
She won t be back till five .
She won t be back till five .
He is not interested in art at all .
I can t hear you .
I didn t go but stayed at home .
I demand an explanation for this mistake .
I am happiest when I am reading .
Betty is crazy about dancing .
I am sorry to trouble you .
I am sorry to trouble you .
I am in Tokyo today .
I am content with my job .
He is an easy mark at cards .
She set out on a trip last week .
They helped each other with homework .
I can play Chopin .
I am in trouble .
I am in trouble .
I didn t know that he was there .
I bought this yesterday .
I bought this watch at the store .
I didn t mean that .
I cleared the table .
I can do it in a week .
I m learning how to type .
I ache all over .
I m always forgetting people s names .
I am near the station .
I ate breakfast at eight .
I can swim very fast .
I come from England .
I accepted her invitation .
Please drive the car more slowly .
I am going to the store now .
I am a student but he isn t .
I am reading a book now .
I am willing to attend the meeting .
I m glad I was there .
Graham Greene is my favorite author .
I caught the last bus .
I ate breakfast in my pajamas .
I came to Japan to see Kyoto .
When do you need it by ?
I always eat out .
I am playing baseball .
I am good at speaking English .
I am in touch with him .
I can do it alone .
I am Kazuto Iwamoto .
I am constantly forgetting names .
I am not writing a letter .
I am not writing a letter .
Hanako called his bluff .
He shaves daily .
He shaves every day .
I m staying at my aunt s .
They moved ahead slowly .
We were on the train for ten hours .
But it smells strange .
But it smells strange .
Everybody knows his name .
The kid is clanging away with his toy .
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life .
You ve got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed .
Don t touch .
Don t touch .
I am here on business .
His speech captured our attention .
The evidence was in his favor .
You can t get the suitcase closed because you ve stuffed too much into it .
To the best of my knowledge she s hard to please .
They buried him in the graveyard by the church .
Sing us a song please .
I saw Liz this morning .
My salary was high this month .
I asked for my father s help .
I asked for my father s help .
I couldn t agree with you more .
I couldn t agree with you more .
I really agree with you .
I am an optimist by nature .
I am an optimist by nature .
I almost caught the fish .
I m not quite well .
I couldn t make him understand it .
I can t afford to play tennis .
I always keep promises .
I am thinking about that matter .
I asked him to wait here .
I bought them each a present .
I am from Shikoku .
I m good at soccer .
I m able to swim .
I can swim .
I bought John an album .
I can wait for you .
I am a bit drunk .
The child knows how to swim so she won t drown in the water .
An old man broke into our conversation .
When does the movie start ?
It is a sheer waste of time .
Your action has offended his dignity .
I can t remember which is my racket .
I belong to the drama club .
I bought a hat at the store .
George works on a big farm .
I could hear doors slamming .
I m satisfied with my work .
Chris didn t have a car .
I agreed with him on that point .
Henry is old enough to support himself .
There is a village over the mountain .
Last year he spent three months at sea .
Look at that mountain .
Have you ever seen it hail ?
Coffee does not arouse my interest .
How long did you live there ?
He spent the morning reading a book .
He spent the morning reading a book .
Many moons orbit around Saturn .
The moon is shining .
My life seems unreal .
I m as tall as you .
I can t find my suitcase .
I decided to study every day .
Fred left his wife a large fortune .
I am familiar with this subject .
I almost always play baseball after school .
I am interested in this story .
I can hardly understand what he says .
I can t stand it .
I am familiar with the author s name .
I cannot afford to buy a car .
I can t find my pen .
I m satisfied with his progress .
I am playing the piano now .
I broke my right leg .
I am familiar with this neighborhood .
I can only speak for myself .
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight .
It s insanely hot today .
You have two younger brothers .
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow .
I have five sons . Two of them are engineers another is a teacher and the others are students .
I can do without his help .
I can do it without her help .
I can do it without your help .
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones .
Imagination is the root of all civilization .
 Thanks a lot for letting me play with your Xbox . No problem dude knock yourself out . 
This is a house to let not to be sold .
She always cared about my health .
How do you view this matter ?
We re almost like brothers .
We re just like brothers .
This is communism .
I had a wonderful time .
I had a wonderful time .
Do you wish me to help ?
There s always someone talking .
There s always someone talking .
The living room adjoins the dining room .
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate .
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible .
My birthday falls on Sunday .
Open up your mind .
Open your heart .
At lunchtime today our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family .
I entered the room and shook hands with him .
Bronis aw is eighteen years old .
Felicja enjoys watching TV .
Felicja likes to watch TV .
Kalina is the girlfriend of Bronis aw .
Rados aw Marek and Maciej like playing games on the PlayStation .
Magdalena is very polite to me .
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband .
I cheered myself up by listening to music .
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public .
Sorry the flight is already full .
Kazu likes sports very much .
How great Getter Jaani is !
Wienczys awa is the most beautiful brunette in the workplace .
I have been in Japan for two months .
They are having a chat .
He intended to reexamine the case from the beginning .
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional .
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional .
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence .
Mr Brown is a doctor .
I feel hopeful about the future .
She is a good dancer .
Which do you like better rock music or classical music ?
Here comes the train .
She is the woman of my desires .
I didn t feel like buying a car .
I m much better today than yesterday .
I can recommend this book to you .
I am just going for a walk .
I m as tall as my father .
I broke my arm .
I believe in what they said .
I didn t know what to do .
I didn t know what to do .
Fred followed my mother wherever she went .
I can t reach it .
I asked him to mend my shoes .
I am in the house .
I m sorry she s not here .
I can t do without her help .
I am leaving next week .
Maria and Natalia go shopping . They buy something for themselves .
My child can t say kikugobo . It always comes out as kikubogo . 
All our teachers were young and loved teaching .
Go at once otherwise you will be late .
There is enough light to read by .
I took leave of him .
I am blessed with good health .
I am blessed with good health .
I am blind in the right eye .
I can come at three .
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years .
Teachers must understand children .
The police will put you in prison .
The police will put you behind bars .
I went to see the movies yesterday .
I can t afford a car .
I can t find my shoes .
I always study hard .
I can understand you to some extent .
George felt the train begin to move .
I am engaged to her .
She is drunk with happiness .
The capital of Poland is Warsaw .
He complained of the dish tasting bad .
The angle would be too narrow .
I asked the boy to throw the ball back .
Manholes are round because that way they won t accidentally fall through the hole .
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries .
She looks happy on hearing the news .
Dust got into one of my eyes .
George was tricked into buying the land .
I arrived in London .
I m very proud of my father .
I belong to the sailing club .
I asked him to help me .
I am thinking of going abroad .
I can play soccer .
I almost didn t meet her .
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter .
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow .
I can t stand this noise any longer .
I appreciate your concern .
I am busy cooking at the moment .
I didn t get your last name .
I belong to the swimming club .
He said to me You look sad . What is the matter with you ? 
I clapped my hands .
I advised her to come by .
I almost drowned .
I can t tolerate this noise any longer .
I can t bear the sight of him .
I canceled my hotel reservation .
I can speak English .
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater .
Fashion is not my specialty .
I like to go to school .
Today is a good day .
I know a lot of languages .
He always gets bullied at school .
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor .
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor .
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor .
He likes green in a lighter shade .
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical .
There s an upside to everything so it s unnecessary to focus on the good on the contrary we should instead be pushing for reversals because it s only through setbacks that we improve and see decisive opportunities clearly .
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes .
One kilogram of tomato sauce is equivalent to two kilograms of tomatoes .
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest !
College is the time to enjoy yourself to the fullest !
I let go of the rope .
I didn t study at all .
I was mildly disappointed .
She had died before I arrived .
I have written down his phone number .
She needs our help .
How long have you been staying in Osaka ?
Do you drink coffee ?
What s your favorite tongue twister ?
I m flattered .
He is chubby .
I agree with you to some extent .
I bet five pounds on the horse .
I can open the window .
I didn t need to paint the fence .
I asked twenty friends to the party .
I bought two loaves of bread .
I am poor at swimming .
I borrowed this comic from his sister .
Betty always managed to get what she wanted .
I advertised my car for sale .
I accompanied her on a walk .
I always feel blue on Mondays .
I always get along well with him .
We are spending the night at my uncle s house .
That class has boys and girls .
Do not talk to others during class !
I can t get away from work now .
I can t get away from work now .
I am six feet tall .
I am an only child .
I can swim well .
I agreed with her .
I m a teacher .
I am a teacher .
I am determined to be a scientist .
I am tired of homework .
I hope to see you again .
I am willing to take your offer .
I am pleased with his work .
I decided to buy a car .
I can t find my ticket .
We don t like our neighbors and they don t like us either .
I love her so much that I can t leave her .
I didn t have lunch today .
I built an amplifier yesterday .
I asked him many questions about ecology .
I can t distinguish him from his brother .
I cut a branch from the tree .
I agree completely .
I need it for the parking meter .
Does it have a toilet ?
At first we weren t familiar at all . Over time we got to know each other .
He had a smile on his face .
The universe is limitless .
For this test I bought a voltage tester .
I ve bought a new palette and a few paint brushes .
Come out from under the table !
I m better than him .
Rock paper scissors .
My father is interested in ancient history .
How cute !
That bag looks expensive .
He likes to travel abroad .
I owe you .
I think I m going to faint .
You are my friend .
You re my friend .
Anyone can do it if they try .
Don t hold your rival cheap .
My parents don t understand me .
No money no job no friends . He was truly at loose ends .
I have a book about fishing .
I ll meet him tomorrow .
The dog is trying to escape .
Can you play the key of C minor ?
I keep the master copy under lock and key .
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy .
Having forgotten his key he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the keyhole .
I have the key to the safe .
I m afraid to go first it s too dark .
Disregarding the No Entry sign she pushed open the door and walked inside .
Women like men the way they like their coffee strong and hot to keep them awake all night long .
Watch out for falling objects !
Do you remember your father s birthday ?
Someone is waiting for you downstairs .
What did you drink ?
Did the union participate in the demonstration ?
Tell me what you did in Shounan .
I don t know whether he is dead or alive .
I introduced her to you last week .
That man was wearing a tiger mask .
Luke I am your cousin .
I don t know if there s time .
The movie s about to start .
My wife s trying to sleep .
We were wondering who it was and it turns out that it was you !
There s only two days left .
There are only two days left .
This person is your slave right ?
The customers have started to come .
You can understand Swedish .
Get with it .
I trust what Matthew Mark Luke and John said and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I d be very happy if they were my witnesses .
I caught a cold and I have a fever .
I am watering the flowers .
I anticipate that there will be trouble .
I couldn t think of anything to say .
I bought that car .
Dave never returned to school again .
I bought a book .
I always try to tell the truth .
I add a few finishing touches .
I didn t get your name .
I m interested in history .
I m good at skiing .
I bought two bags of popcorn .
I m tired of her complaints .
I didn t enjoy it very much .
I believe he is coming tomorrow .
I am a stranger here .
I asked for a table over there .
Bob was popular with all his classmates .
I am poor at drawing .
I can t imagine life without you .
I believe that he ll do fine .
I couldn t speak Japanese .
I m very busy today .
I decided to study abroad .
I didn t know about your plan .
I can t help admiring his talent .
I can t study with you watching me .
I can t give up smoking .
I believe Tom is right .
I cannot bear her endless love .
He is shit out of luck .
Do you want to eat prawns ?
The witch hunt has begun .
He is shit out of luck .
My father doesn t drink so much sake .
My father doesn t drink too much sake .
If it s okay for him to buy a knife then why on earth can t I ?
Horse lion dog goat these are animals .
A bird is singing in the tree .
The King of France is bald .
What a pity you can t dance !
Hooray !
She talks a lot .
White to play and win .
Not yet .
First I ll go to the bank and then I ll buy the tickets .
He had an accident .
What browser are you using ?
What s your favorite web browser ?
I didn t have more than yen .
My dogs are white .
She spends way too much time surfing the web .
I wish I had a friend like you .
That s how it is .
He sat listening to the radio .
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside .
He is past forty .
Cars took the place of bicycles .
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself .
Give me a piece of chalk .
This is my own bike .
Members of that tribe settled along the river .
The policeman arrested the thief .
In Hawaii we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round .
In Hawaii one can swim in the ocean all year round .
They re carrying out a book burning .
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end .
In my opinion Esperanto is very difficult .
Please turn off your engine .
Please turn off your engine .
If it s okay for him to buy a knife then why on earth can t I ?
We had neither known nor heard about it .
 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao .
 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao .
I believe it is a genuine Picasso .
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so so .
What does USB stand for ?
 All Quiet on the Western Front 
What do you want to eat this weekend ?
I like to eat Korean food .
I want to eat something Korean .
I don t drink coffee .
I don t like to drink coffee .
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean .
I know she is sleeping .
Please do not write in this library book .
Please do not write in this library book .
I think that it s you .
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex .
Turn big problems into small ones and make small problems into nothing .
There is no smoke without fire .
There are no waves without wind .
There s no smoke without fire .
No matter how low the target always aim higher .
Every journey begins with a single step .
Make the best of your opportunities .
When you have nothing aim low when you get somewhere aim high .
He makes a mountain out of a molehill .
He makes mountains out of molehills .
Dictatorship can be summed up by shut up ! democracy by keep talking .
I agree with his suggestion .
After you take the medicine your stomachache will be much relieved .
What is the population of New York ?
We are looking into the cause of the accident .
If I had the money I would immediately buy this computer .
Does she know you ?
He is like a frog in a well .
My older brother knows how to drive .
How many is nine minus six ?
Tomorrow I won t be here .
He can t have written this it s not his handwriting .
This drink s flavor is obviously that of tea .
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea .
During this period there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line you had to eat the products inside but it was really expensive .
I know what you mean .
Old women like dating young men .
Please don t be so surprised that I m speaking this language and listen to the content of what I m actually saying .
He is ill .
He is sick .
Are you alright ?
The house is cold .
This is a horse .
Father is a good person .
This dog is mine .
Apart from my sister my family doesn t watch TV .
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido .
Wash your hands before each meal .
We hold a meeting once a month .
How often do you go to the movies every month ?
My phone is out of battery .
I really like travelling .
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday .
Canada s crime rate is decreasing .
At the time we were very tired .
We were very tired at the time .
She keeps her hair long .
Trains come more often than buses .
This is his answer to my letter .
The population is growing .
I had to attend two meetings yesterday and there was no time to have lunch between .
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo ?
Rules are meant to be broken .
Please mail this form to your insurance company .
Jane wrote the letter herself .
His body shivered with excitement .
John took a key out of his pocket .
I exchanged stamps with him .
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month .
The time will come when you will regret it .
No man is so old he cannot learn .
He entered the room .
Where can you buy a ticket to get in ?
It amazed us that she had been to Brazil alone .
I don t understand what you are saying .
I don t understand what you guys are saying .
Food clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival .
Can you prove it ?
Are you able to prove it ?
She doesn t speak Japanese at home .
I m wondering what to cook for dinner .
I must take my oboe for repair .
I really want to speak English fluently .
I like to eat chocolate flavored ice cream .
After work I go straight home .
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast .
There is no such thing as God or Buddha .
The leaves on the trees rustle gentle in the wind .
The leaves rustle in the wind .
I m very grateful for everything you ve done for me .
Other people aren t interested .
Yes this is my house .
The hunter shot and killed the fox .
If you want to you can use my car .
Is there any salt left ?
Is it too salty ?
He came back two days late .
The Earth moves around the sun .
That was three days ago .
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep .
He often goes with her to watch movies .
I will arrive on May .
He has too many books .
You are stupid .
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation .
When only death remains the last resort is to beg for food .
He is very much concerned about the future of his son .
Ubuntu includes lots of software .
Linux experts are able to use the command line .
We have illustrated the story with pictures .
I am more handsome than you .
I m smarter than you .
My laptop is running Linux .
I m running Linux on my laptop .
I m running Linux on my laptop .
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution .
My laptop is running Linux .
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter .
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple .
Meet you there on Sunday morning . Can t wait .
Do you like tennis ?
A fall into a pit a gain in your wit .
This is only known by Obama .
I often hiccup .
Is it really everywhere ?
Is it really all over ?
Whether you believe it or not I believe it .
Before you can board the plane you ll have to go through airport security checks .
That s the cause of his failure .
You can only drink water from the water dispenser .
Today we went to the shopping mall . I was very bored .
I ordered frogs and noodles .
She must have forgotten the promise .
He seems to have been ill for a long time .
Sheep are feeding in the meadow .
I know everything .
Did they understand ?
I bought the book which the children need .
She said He is handsome . 
The radio is broken .
I have to leave you .
To obey the law is everyone s duty .
She s smarter than Mary but she s not as pretty as Mary .
I am afraid he will fail .
I cried all night .
Betty is a serial killer .
I met him on the street .
The sum of and is .
Come on over to have a try .
We re confident of victory .
I am not good at mathematics .
We had some chicken soup .
The child s body felt feverish .
Don t all speak at the same time .
I do very much . Thank you .
What you say makes no sense .
She likes all kinds of sports .
She never wears green .
Give my love to your kids .
That meal was simply divine .
The horse trotted down the road .
I m glad to see you again .
It makes no difference to me .
The old man set off at a quick trot .
I ll see you in the new year .
There is only one can of meat left .
We travelled all over the country .
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor .
I want to reserve a room .
She patted her hair into place .
She patted her hair into shape .
He is a mathematical genius .
His opinion is reasonable .
Do you have today s tickets ?
 Where is her book ? It s on the table . 
Whenever I see you I feel happy .
That street is very noisy .
I speak nothing but the truth .
Where were you last night ?
Can you practice Japanese with me ?
I own a horse .
How can I get to heaven ?
Any time will suit me .
How did the secret get out ?
I told her what to do .
The apple fell from the tree .
They are actors .
It will be fine tomorrow .
Are you crazy ?
I don t feel like eating anything now .
I don t want to eat anything right now .
Can I have a paper bag ?
We can see a church over there .
Generally speaking women live longer than men .
In Australia one speaks English .
What s wrong with what we were doing ?
You never know what you can do till you try .
A car stopped at the entrance .
Would you help me look for my keys ?
I am not satisfied with my performance today .
My brother is two years older than I but he is three centimeters shorter .
I cannot speak Mandarin well .
Yes I can speak Mandarin .
No I can t speak English .
Do you like China ?
I like the green colour .
I come with myself .
She groped for the light switch in the dark .
You ve finished your work .
Every student has to leave school by six .
School has started and I like it so far .
The scars of your love remind me of us .
He bought an English book at a bookstore .
You ve already read the book ?
Money is not everything .
Give me five days .
I know that you re a teacher .
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause .
Let us tell you everything we know .
It s getting cloudy .
How dare you laugh at me !
Please tell me the truth .
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum .
What is important is not how many books you read but what books you read .
Are they tall ?
This is my email address .
If you want to be free destroy your television set .
I like the Occitan language .
We made friends with at least ten Americans .
Adding comments makes the code easier to read .
Jump as high as you can .
What is this nonsense ?
We have to go to sleep now .
It is their only choice .
I realize I messed up .
How fascinating !
You are very beautiful .
Come and help us .
Would you like me to help you ?
Give me an apple .
Tell me about your program for the future .
It s been raining non stop for three days .
He cut the apple in half .
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president .
We have a white cat .
Variable names in C are case sensitive .
Only one store carries this book .
She supposed me to be a doctor .
Do you have any pets ?
Could you say that again ?
Let s watch TV .
I m a teacher .
I am a teacher .
He doesn t have much money .
Tom doesn t like cats .
Our world is getting smaller and smaller .
Please tell me your name .
Where is the school ?
This dish is tasty .
You should exercise more .
What s the matter ?
Thank you for everything you ve done for Canada .
Revolutions that don t succeed are soon forgotten .
You have to adapt to circumstances .
I am used to going to bed very late .
She gave him something hot to drink .
Do you have an address ?
She went to the hospital by taxi .
This dish is tasty .
Music is his passion .
Music is her passion .
Music is your passion .
She gave him a slap in the face .
You can t say four letter words on TV .
She is about as tall as me .
In my opinion you re wrong .
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation .
Thank you for all your contributions . We expect to see you again soon .
He entered the hall of fame .
If you understand this one then the others are nearly the same .
Where are the apples ?
He s a newcomer .
You have very piercing eyes .
I have a fever .
Read such books as will be useful in later life .
There is a lot of money .
 Someone farted . It wasn t me ! 
I think he won t come .
I haven t washed my hair .
This man has a horse .
Is it a butterfly or a moth ?
Moths are attracted by light .
He is sure to accomplish his purpose .
She was beautiful when she was young .
I am accustomed to working hard .
The vending machines are over there .
She likes red bayberries .
Do you agree ?
There s nothing there .
I am in Lyon but maybe I ll go to Paris for hunting a job .
Failure is the mother of success .
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow .
Several delegates disagreed .
Does the mid autumn festival fall on Monday this year ?
Is the mid autumn festival on Monday this year ?
In an emergency use the stairway not the elevator .
For all you say about him I still like him .
The heavens are bright with stars tonight .
Tony runs every day .
Miss Yamada is in charge of the nd year class this year .
The magazine Look is no longer being published .
The magazine Look is no longer being published .
The president said I don t give a damn . 
I d like a glass of water .
I ll take a cup of tea .
I think we need a doggy bag .
We ordered too much food .
Can we catch the train ?
Our train is delayed .
Not bad .
Father gestured to me to leave the room .
I borrowed Tom s phone this morning .
This is Edward .
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming and seeks to be feared rather than loved . To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history .
No man can live to be two hundred years old .
Russell was a brilliant philosopher but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him .
Keep in mind that you must die .
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery .
Within hours the world knew the news .
I will have spent all this money in three months .
If we ever came in contact with an alien race how would we communicate with it ?
Such magazines have a great influence on children .
He has a fair income .
We eat fish raw .
Tom is a Muslim .
It s cold today .
I have a magazine in my room .
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French .
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday .
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten .
He is the very man that we ve been looking for .
He does not in short write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis .
If you want to become thin you should cut back on the between meal snacks .
The demon grabbed my sister and with howling laughter cast her into a bottomless pit .
On May a young Japanese couple was arrested after their one year old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter .
You rarely ever wake up this early .
Have you been in contact with him recently ?
Since he was able to walk so far he must have strong legs .
The art of modern warfare does not necessarily require soldiers to be armed to the teeth to be effective as combatants .
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions .
Do you like to travel ?
Despite all his faults he is popular .
I don t have a cat .
The market is big .
I m helping people to buy things online .
The banks aren t open on Saturdays .
You had better wait until the police come .
He gave me what money he had with him .
My phone is beautiful .
I got bitten by mosquitoes .
What should I do if my husband is impotent ?
What should I do if my wife snores ?
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant . What can I do ?
Very happy to meet you .
Sorry I don t understand .
Congratulations on your face .
A cup of coffee please .
One cup of coffee please .
Children are fond of cake .
Happy birthday Shishir !
The professor teaches English conversation .
He might have lost his way .
It ll come all right in the end .
The heat is terrible today .
He walked home .
Tom filled out the job application form .
Tom should do as Mary suggests .
He persisted in his work until he succeeded .
I never felt this way before I met you .
Before I met you I never felt this way .
Is it splendid this world ?
I m sorry I have no pencil to write with .
I like L .A . better .
A good idea came into my mind .
He has a good reputation .
A lady s imagination is very rapid it jumps from admiration to love from love to matrimony in a moment .
What s your sign ?
I am not too tired .
Does he like China ?
They are not tired .
I m going to the restaurant .
I m incredibly busy .
Is that so ?
Don t cry . I love you .
I know that you live here .
I know how to do it .
Is that a cat ?
As you look at your face you try to figure out what is happening behind it in your mind .
I don t want to get married .
In spite of the heavy rain he decided to go out .
It is said that he is the richest man in the world .
Actually the present method has plenty of room for improvement .
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart .
Take it or leave it .
Are you alone ?
She is terrible at cooking .
 Are you sure you want to call the police ? I asked her .
Exports in January were up over the same period of last year .
I am years old .
I m .
The girl is drinking tea .
He can also speak French .
He also speaks French .
We have lots of things to do .
Her daughter is bad at cooking .
Religion is regarded by the common people as true by the wise as false and by the rulers as useful .
He is my best friend .
He will come .
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan .
He was the first man to float in space .
I m not ready yet .
If I tell my mother she ll worry so I don t think I ll tell her .
There are many guesses about how language began but the fact is that no one really knows .
We can consider the problem from several standpoints .
She lay down on the bed .
He made use of every opportunity to become famous .
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood .
My sister plays the piano every day .
How long will they stay ?
Tell my young friend a beautiful story .
Precision is important in math .
What do you call this animal in Japanese ?
I took a walk .
 . Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen . Cut out the boomerang you ve drawn .
What do you play baseball for ?
When it s necessary you can come to me .
I want to be a magician .
His greatest fault is talking too much .
Investing money in your home has some merit when it is time to sell it you can get more money .
YouTube is not a good website .
He is said to still be in Paris .
I can t swim .
I don t want to work today .
I ate too much .
The computer is new .
Let s have some fun .
I ve found something amazing !
How old is your grandfather ?
We have a holiday today .
It is next to impossible .
This orange is delicious .
Most young people have a mobile phone .
Most young people have mobile phones .
He is introverted .
The police still have no leads .
He plays tennis three times a week .
I have been busy this week .
How long have you been in Japan ?
She s cleverer than him .
I met her at the church .
That film s really interesting .
Okay I m coming !
Sorry I didn t mean to snap at you .
He thinks I love her .
Is mom scolding the horse s hemp ?
I ve got a pair of sunglasses .
Too bad .
I m starting to get old !
Will it be Saturday tomorrow ?
Is tomorrow Saturday ?
This chair is very comfortable .
How s your mother ?
He is reading a book .
He is reading .
That boy is running .
Tom doesn t need any money now .
He is eating .
You are a student .
Do you like school ?
Do you know her ?
Which country are you from ?
She is Japanese .
Is she at home ?
He likes this book .
Sometimes it s better to lie .
Have you eaten yet ?
Have you eaten ?
Why did you come here today ?
The amount of time spent asleep can vary from person to person .
I want to find a blonde blue eyed European woman .
Is there always a Chinese person next to you helping you type ? !
I want to live .
There s a row of ants coming in and out of the kitchen .
Instead they detect sounds through their tongues and feel vibrations through sense organs in the skull .
Then I was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear .
He is speaking English .
Could you recommend a few French singers ?
It d be best if a few more female singers could come .
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time ?
He is in hospital .
She s from France .
How exactly did you do it ?
I have no future .
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index BMI .
The result is calculated according to the general table created by the World Health Organization WHO and is the same for males and females regardless of age .
BMI categories underweight overweight or obese from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes children the elderly and the infirm .
To change the units from metric to imperial and vice versa the menu button must be clicked .
Any comments are welcome .
Please notify me by e mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator .
We must make a new start .
I feel like having some dumplings .
It won t take much time .
I ll come round tomorrow evening .
I ll miss you .
I want to live forever .
What if someone kidnapped Tom ? What would you do ?
My husband and I are both teachers .
I like drinking beer and wine .
These books and clothes are all yours .
She s like her mum .
My friends and I often go to the bar .
You and me are the same age .
She and her boyfriend live together .
Every day I go to the caf and have coffee .
A man came over and asked if I was OK .
I drove to town and went shopping .
I ate fried rice and drank some beer .
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here .
He likes singing and dancing .
He likes to sing and dance .
We want to go to Beijing and Shanghai .
We will go to Beijing and Shanghai .
I ve taken the HSK and achieved the highest level .
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day .
I left Shanghai last year and I ve never been back .
Can anyone here speak Mandarin ?
I m so hungry !
Is it here ?
He s married and has three children .
She s annoying and selfish .
Our stuff got stolen and we missed our train .
He bought vegetables and some fruit .
I m tired and a bit annoyed .
I d like mapo tofu and two bowls of rice .
Have you got shampoo ?
She can speak English pretty well .
My sister is famous .
Set it down there .
Don t do two things at a time .
Please come back at once .
Tom doesn t like eating vegetables .
Please speak more slowly .
Is this typewriter yours ?
Suddenly the clouds darkened the sky .
I d like to eat .
What a marvelous person your brother is !
He may be on the next train .
Tom can t play the piccolo .
Tom told Mary that he loved her .
Generally men are taller than women .
Looks really nice .
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital ?
They live close by the airport .
This tree is three meters around .
Do you know how to swim ?
I forgot that I met her last month .
We shouldn t look down on other people .
He finished reading the book .
I take a walk at six in the evening .
This is the site of a castle .
She sat in a chair reading a magazine .
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred .
I urge you to tell him the truth .
My father was lying down while watching TV .
I go to Tokyo every day .
She did it carefully .
Have you visited foreign countries say America ?
Who broke this ?
Tom heard Mary play the piano .
I ve got a touch of the flu .
The drum faded away .
I don t like bad boys .
There are classes in our school .
Today is Sunday .
My younger brother is watching TV .
She is Betty .
Do you like to study ?
Can you drive ?
I bought a car in Derry yesterday .
There are too many people in the park .
Why do you lie ?
The last train has already gone .
He saved my life .
She should be there at noon .
Tom can swim but Mary can t .
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer .
The structure of the brain is complicated .
We wear uniforms at our school .
I want to buy a new camera .
Is that your own idea ?
Will you tell me how to play the guitar ?
Everyone is an entrepreneur .
Was it cold yesterday ?
He penned it down so as to not forget it .
I heard that you re not coming .
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well .
I ll do your shopping clean up the house and cook your dinner for you .
What an easy problem it is !
Horses are distinct from donkeys .
Call Ishmael .
When her husband died she felt like killing herself .
She came in company with her mother .
He has been sitting there for two hours .
My car is a Toyota .
She knows how to make candy .
The blue roses are very beautiful .
Should I pick up my ticket now ?
 May I use your telephone ? By all means . 
She s older than him .
She decided to marry him .
Tom is very sleepy because he didn t sleep well last night .
Please wake me up at tomorrow morning .
It s my custom to go for a walk before breakfast .
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan .
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido .
Do you go to school on foot every day ?
I shouldn t be laughing .
Can you remember the first time we met each other ?
Instead of fewer accidents there are more .
My name is not You guys .
Some children are playing on the grass .
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver .
The class of forty includes eighteen girls .
Her dad won t come he is very busy .
Tom grew up in Boston .
We sat down face to face .
The student speaks English a little .
That student knows some English .
Have you met him already ?
We live in New York .
You ve got the wrong number .
Close your eyes and go to sleep .
 Let s play tennis . Yes let s . 
America is made up of states .
It is cold there even in summer .
Let s drop in on the Nakamoris .
Tom s explanation was too complex .
You shall not pass .
This matter is of great importance .
Tom doesn t like Chinese food .
The moment she saw me she burst out crying .
Tom opened a window .
Choose three books at random .
The man blushed .
They are human .
I am going to kill you !
They died one after another .
I have never heard him lie .
My brother was killed in a traffic accident .
It became dark before I knew it .
You are now old enough to support yourself .
If so then there s no problem at all is there ?
It s not that I am unsympathetic but I am not able to help you .
He was made fun of by his classmates .
By next April will you have studied English for ten years ?
The computer s color is red .
You can see the stars using a telescope .
I have been to Kyoto twice .
My dad is not home at the moment .
We were moved to tears .
Tom has visited Boston three times .
There is a house on the hill .
I feel dizzy .
There are more than nations in the world .
I am very sensitive to heat .
Will you tell me the way to his house ?
Would you tell me where his house is ?
I have to make money to buy a personal computer .
It was so dark .
Tom was born on May .
It began snowing just now .
What actually happened ?
It s too late anyhow .
I will come time permitting .
Be quiet !
Is the bird alive or dead ?
She is interested in music .
He is acquisitive of knowledge .
It s fine just make sure you don t say that again .
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese .
Do you like cooking ?
It s October the third .
What are you doing today ?
His airplane crashed in the mountains .
This is more than I have earned .
It s been raining since last night .
She has gone to America .
Did you listen at all to what I said ?
I ll leave it to you to buy the tickets .
She has two uncles one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka .
If you quit the job you ll be burning your bridges .
The mother was quieting her crying baby .
A man s happiness doesn t depend on what he has but on what he is .
Yesterday is history tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift . That is why it is called the present .
I have ten pens .
She has no more than twelve puppies .
En Does he have any children ?
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill .
Is it going to rain tomorrow ?
We heard this song before .
Do you prefer red or white wine ?
His house is by a river .
I m freezing !
I can t tell you any more . I ve already said too much .
I saw a friend .
To be honest I don t like you at all .
I eat and read at the same time .
Man proposes God disposes .
God died . We killed Him .
God created the world .
I believe in God .
Do you believe in God ?
God bless you !
I am working at Alibaba .
This issue has nothing to do with you .
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated .
England and Scotland are neighbours .
Dad says the most important thing is that I m alive .
Can you speak a little slower please ?
We ve really been missing him since he left .
I have thirteen cats .
Where programmers use semi colons every day the majority of people only use them in emoticons .
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in .
Tears fell from his eyes .
I lost the watch dad gave me .
Can I help you at all ?
If you would talk less and listen more you might learn something .
If you spoke less and listened more you d definitely be able to learn something .
I ve been waiting for him since early this morning .
Where do you want to go ?
Is this a flower ?
I can t judge distance .
He s contemplating the complexity of contemporary life .
Do you know where he lives ?
I m a huge fan of golf .
I cycle to work .
We ll leave in an hour .
He s an excellent author .
They re professional singers .
He s the tallest amongst the boys .
Should I give you those books to look at ?
I don t want to be involved in this affair .
Rest time s over !
Even though it sounds strange what she said is true .
What are you looking for ?
Can I open this box ?
I can t sleep .
I m eating .
I am eating .
You really should quit smoking .
What s your favorite soft drink ?
That boy is running .
He has an egg and is eating it .
The man is eating bread .
The boy is eating bread .
The cat is eating .
Somebody is eating .
She s not a child .
Where s my box of chocolates ?
I love her .
I m a forty year old student at Hyogo University .
All these things serve to add to our happiness .
Through the lens the image was inverted .
I get on very well with your cousin .
Chris swung his sword !
When we come to die we shall be alone . From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part . Worldly friends the friends drawn to us by our position our wealth or our social qualities will leave us as we enter the dark valley . From those bound to us by stronger ties our kindred our loved ones children brothers sisters and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour from them also we must part . Yet not all will leave us . There is One who sticketh closer than a brother One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end .
He works in the planning section .
The balance of public opinion remains in his favor .
She is reading a book in the library .
She cannot work this machine .
She accused him of stealing her money .
You had better not walk around in such a place .
All of the flowers are paper .
I m annoyed by their impudence .
In adolescence I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide from which however I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics .
Tom has gotten older and he doesn t go out as often as he used to .
He acted on the matter .
I plan to work in a brothel .
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon .
In many countries buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law .
She said that she would dance with me if I brought her red roses .
Looking out the window I saw a car coming .
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came .
The audience applauded his efforts .
In my world everyone s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies .
Bear in mind what he said .
Jesus hates you .
What chocolate do you like to eat ?
I m rarely this angry .
How am I supposed to know this ?
Are you tired ?
Are you sleepy ?
The elephant is an enormous creature .
Those are my trousers .
He s really drunk .
Sorry what s your name ?
He didn t do it on purpose .
Everyone should bring their own lunch .
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies ?
I m not used to walking long distances .
I was burnt by the iron .
What do you think of Japan s economy ?
Are you available tonight ?
He finally became the president of IBM .
We re here !
You shouldn t trust people like this .
He did everything he could for his child .
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant .
This is the church where we got married .
Call the police !
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he s an adult he s unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language .
Sir can we quickly inspect your luggage please ?
Ah that reminds me of the old days !
Does anyone know how to pronounce this character ?
Houses made of wood are the easiest to catch on fire .
This is ice .
The tigers escaped from the zoo .
Are you happy at your own home ?
I went there yesterday .
Getting addicted to something and having too much of something are two different things .
Excessive use of the Internet is not a medical or psychiatric issue .
Compare it to other enjoyable activities going to the cinema reading books going for walks chatting to friends etc .
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things excessively but no one says those are addictions .
The concept doesn t make sense .
The concept of Internet addiction implies that the Internet is some sort of definable activity .
In fact there are countless varied uses for the Internet .
It s a communication medium not a substance or specific activity .
It s like saying that someone is addicted to transport art or politics .
I ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games .
I m not denying that that happened but one example doesn t count as evidence .
I m not denying it happened but one example can t be called proof .
Those people did not neglect their child because they used the Internet too much .
They used the Internet too much because they had some underlying problem that also caused them to neglect their child .
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another .
People diagnosed with Internet addiction are nearly always diagnosed with other difficulties as well .
I don t love you .
How would you like your hair done ?
What kind of hair style would you like ?
He was heard singing in the shower .
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover .
They are considered the greatest rock band in history .
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars .
They were treated for hypothermia .
English is spoken in many countries .
We were shown all of their family photos .
A satellite was launched in Russia last year .
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook .
In Christianity Jesus is believed to be the son of God .
Many poor students are given bursaries .
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health .
It is said that the war will end soon .
It is rumoured that the Prime Minister will resign next month .
There would be no New China without the communist party .
There are three trees in the yard .
There are so few things like this .
The wind is really strong outside .
Children love to sing .
Was it cold last night ?
My grandma just drank a bit of soup .
His younger brother went to Shanghai the day before yesterday .
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers .
Where s your watch ?
None of them are drivers .
Neither of them are drivers .
My grandfather takes medicine every day .
That restaurant s too expensive .
My daughter sleeps eight hours a day .
My brother gets up every morning at .
His son doesn t work at a bank .
What book do you plan on reading ?
My boyfriend still hasn t been to the Great Wall .
There are about ten to twenty students in total .
Welcome .
Take care !
Bon voyage !
I wish you a good trip !
Long time no see !
Please sit down !
I m really sorry !
Good work !
Forgive me !
You speak Esperanto don t you ?
You speak Esperanto right ?
These are the decisions we ve made .
She s way taller than me .
Are you being served ?
We ll arrive there within an hour .
Nature is full of mystery .
Did that lady just swear ?
She and I hold the same position in the company but she earns more than I do .
There is no sugar left in the pot .
Autumn is here .
They re playing chess .
Read !
But I have no money .
But I don t have any money .
Drink some coffee . It tastes very good I think .
Have some coffee . I think it s really nice .
I don t want to live like this .
I guess what I ve said isn t all that clear but that s the only way I can explain it .
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel .
I didn t know the woman at all .
Easier said than done .
It s none of your business !
I used to smoke a lot but now I ve quit .
Don t use discover when you mean invent .
You are doing it the wrong way .
I m going to visit him next week .
The professor scolded John for skipping class .
He might be young but he s trustworthy .
It might rain .
There are so many people at this concert .
No matter what happens I m not changing my mind .
Fish and red wine don t go well together .
I hope I can see you soon .
I m under so much pressure I just want to cry .
She is far better today than yesterday .
Can you please shut up ?
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying .
What time do you wake up every day ?
Let go of your negative outlook on life .
You can watch TV after supper .
She can sing better than anybody else in her class .
They obtained a yield of percent on their investment .
After many years of thinking I came to a conclusion that everyone s meaning of life is actually to find the meaning of life . Every one of us is a unique individual . And every one of us has his own capability to find in his life one particular mission to fulfill .
The pharmacy is near the hospital .
He is good at rugby .
If he s fluent in English I ll hire him .
We cannot sleep well on summer nights .
Are you doing what you think is right ?
Bess is simply a child .
Shall we start the meeting now ?
You re terrible .
You re so bad .
He has a test next week .
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
You don t need to work on Sundays .
You have to leave home at six .
He suspects me of telling a lie .
She is more pretty than beautiful .
I like to eat .
Please advise me what to do .
Tom heard this and got angry .
Change is the only constant .
How long are you going to be in Oxford for ?
You have no right to interfere in other people s affairs .
I have a special relationship with my aunt .
I m waiting for him .
You may use my dictionary .
You can use my dictionary .
This room has two closets for clothing .
Having a slight headache I went to bed early .
Let s play hide and seek !
I sometimes still think about her .
Sometimes I still miss her .
No one answered my question .
That s what I thought too .
We don t want any freeloaders around here .
This is the first time .
The unicorn is a fabulous monster .
I filled up the vase with water .
What kind of people do you like best ?
You are the devil incarnate .
Your shoes are here . Where are mine ?
The moon s so bright .
I ll give him the letter .
You can go home .
You can come home .
You re tired . I m also tired .
He came back at five o clock .
He came back at five .
A great many students were absent from school .
I felt an impulse to cry out loud .
You must not speak loudly .
Bob was washing the dishes at that time .
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it .
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris .
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up .
You must not yield to temptation .
More play will mean less time to study .
Play or study the choice is yours .
Wearing second hand clothes is now popular among young people .
I m not good at carpentry .
Water will freeze at zero Celsius right ?
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry .
I ve been going out with her for months .
I like sweets .
It s a bit slow can you wait for a bit ?
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do .
The various dialects of China are what Chinese really is .
She can speak a type of Chinese but she can t speak Mandarin .
She can speak Chinese but she can t speak Mandarin .
I moved here yesterday .
If you like it you can keep it !
All the things I bought have already arrived .
You may go in now .
You ran back here .
You should stand up to speak .
Stand up .
Put it down .
Go away .
Put it on .
Take it away .
Sit down ! Don t stand up .
He put his things down and left .
I still need to use these things so please don t take them away .
Get out ! Don t play here !
It s really cold tonight .
There s a policeman outside who wants to see you .
That just goes to show that you are a liar .
This is proof that you re the murderer .
We went to the caf that I told you about .
I ve never met someone who doesn t like chocolate .
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten .
From the moment that I met her I hated her .
I never know what to say to people who have absolutely no grasp of the basic facts and are too ignorant to realise it .
She applied for a job at the company that had not only bribed local officials but also caused huge problems for her own family .
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool .
My grandmother has a green thumb .
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal .
Would you like some cream in your coffee ?
Death is the point at which you can t be alive again . You can t die and then come back to life . If you think that happened you weren t really dead .
It s an artificial flower .
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders .
I think you ve mistaken me for someone else .
I called at my uncle s house yesterday .
As I didn t have time to go shopping today I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner .
We had bad weather yesterday .
He does not come here every day .
 Where s your book ? On the table . 
 How old are you ? I m sixteen . 
How many sisters do you have ? How many brothers ?
Bigfoot is not a pet . For one thing they don t like being called bigfoot .
You are a panda .
You are a panda .
The boy feared the dark .
The boy took the radio apart .
The word is unfamiliar to me .
Tom has known Mary since childhood .
Teach me how to fold a paper crane . I forgot how to fold it .
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning .
I m glad we didn t go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers .
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise .
She cared for her father until his death .
The accident happened on Sunday at about .
There on the top of a high mountain they built a small town of their own and lived in peace .
Wait wait just a little while .
I noticed she was wearing a new hat .
There is no cause for worry .
They welcomed me warmly so I felt at home .
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident .
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions .
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help .
Although it is snowing I must go .
Jim is above any of his classmates in English .
You should behave carefully .
That is mine . I don t know where yours is .
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary .
You re always criticizing me !
Dog is man s best friend .
She remained silent all day .
She rides a motorcycle well .
I am looking for a present for my mother .
It s been hot this month but today s an exception .
Tom doesn t think so .
Tom can t get his car started .
Tom doesn t like to wear a watch .
I am sure that he is an honest man .
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night .
It s rare to find big yards in Japan .
I help my mother with the housework every day .
If you heard her speak English you would take her for an American .
You don t have to kick yourself .
That s not a grasshopper . It s a locust !
You re such an idiot !
He bought a Honda .
My friends invited me to supper .
This conference is very important . Don t miss it .
Excuse me let me point out three mistakes in the above article .
Please tell me when to go .
When was it built ?
Love is a trick .
Love doesn t exist .
Love is only an invention .
We accept checks .
The supermarkets are now closed so we ll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator .
He often complains that he has a toothache .
In spring everyone wakes up early .
I played tennis after school .
What does he want to do ?
She has attractive eyes .
Tom certainly is an interesting person .
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity .
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out .
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery .
Apparently they nest in a tree in front of the house .
I am thankful to have been given the experience of life .
One is not born a woman one becomes one .
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive .
Gentleness and cheerfulness these come before all morality they are the perfect duties .
The business is in the red .
I always have to wear a tie because of my job .
Don t touch the goods .
The goods were transported by ship .
 I ve found a way to make him really jealous . Oh do tell ! 
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts .
I don t understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular .
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer .
Don t ask her any questions about her marriage .
He built an observatory to study the stars .
We climbed a sharp slope .
Even his teacher didn t understand him .
It s so nice to stay at home .
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health .
I take my health seriously .
I want to put an end to the quarrel .
I call architecture frozen music .
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument .
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested .
I like dogs but my sister likes cats .
I saw a dog swim across the river .
This tunnel is twice as long as that one .
The sky is blue .
I shook hands with her .
You re not busy right ?
I ll ask him if he s busy or not .
You have a really good sense of direction .
Are you busy ?
Will you go on foot or by bus ?
There s no need for you to study .
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport .
Maybe at the time she accidentally left her car key in her room .
There are many kinds of insurance such as health insurance fire insurance life insurance etc .
Now they have three children .
If not for music the world would be a dull place .
The little girl has a doll in her hands .
At last the truth became known to us .
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration .
To tell the truth that actor is married .
Such a plan will give rise to many problems .
Eat noodles .
We unexpectedly found a cat in the box .
I will send it by email this afternoon .
Last week I quickly read four books in my room .
Everyone likes big pizzas .
The thin man killed the fat man .
That red car hit the blue van .
Sometimes I say yes even though I want to say no . 
No music no life .
Why do humans smile ? This is a very difficult question to answer .
For several years I ve been in the habit of when I m at home only leaving my desk when it s time to eat .
When you arrive in Osaka please contact me .
Who touched my gun ?
She is always dressed in black .
She always lets her children do what they want to .
She always takes care of her children .
The test result showed how much he had studied .
How I wish I could swim .
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce .
I immediately thought of you !
Ten years is a really long period of time .
 Novels ? I hate novels . Oh muse forgive her blasphemy .
 Novels ? I hate novels . Oh muse forgive her blasphemy .
Block it !
The dodo is an already extinct species .
The dodo is an already extinct species .
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past .
Do you have a bag ?
I don t like beer that much .
I haven t been to America .
The tall man left in a hurry .
That is Xiaoli s book .
That s why I m telling you not to go alone .
I don t like big dogs .
Please wake me for breakfast .
He was born in this very room .
You say Nessie is an imaginary being but I think she exists .
Something you should know about me is that I m afraid of heights .
I ll look after your child while you are away .
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business .
The doctor used X rays to examine my stomach .
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming .
I take full responsibility for the action .
The chances are he s already heard the news .
My vacation went by quickly .
How much money do you owe Tom ?
How much money do I owe you ?
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel .
All plants need water and light .
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks .
 Age ? . 
Workers of the world unite !
It is a lot of fun to drive a car .
Will he come ? I don t think he will come .
He is telling a lie .
He came back not because he was homesick but because he was running short of money .
Winter is here and the weather s getting cold .
I haven t finished reading this book .
The concert will probably last three hours .
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise .
Nail polish remover stinks a lot .
I like classical music .
I just had a quick look . It wasn t interesting at all .
There are a lot of books in the library .
She is a true witch !
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire .
Whose shirt is this ?
This shirt doesn t go with that tie at all .
This shirt costs ten dollars .
Put this jacket on and you ll be much warmer .
Can I try on this jacket ?
Is this jacket right for me ?
This jacket sets well .
Do you have this jacket in different colors ?
This jacket is a tight fit .
This blot can t be wiped out .
This zipper doesn t zip smoothly .
The stew smells delicious .
This system has obvious defects .
We went to Russia .
Do you have a coat and a hat ?
Do you have a gift shop here ?
Do you have a list of hotels ?
Do you have a map ?
Do you have a match ? I m sorry but I don t smoke .
I have never gone to America .
I have never been to America .
Do you have a petting zoo area ?
He gave me some money .
The boy is over there .
The boy is over there .
What s the name of my doctor ?
How s the weather in New York ?
He was busy when I called him up .
From reading good books we can derive pleasure friendship experience and instruction .
A good book can completely absorb your attention to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence .
Reading is one of life s great pleasures .
When you are cheerful books can increase your happiness when you are sad books can lessen your sorrow .
No matter what your main purpose is in reading books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction .
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely .
Whether the characters in a book are real or completely imaginary they can become your friends and companions .
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era .
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know .
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us but the friends we find in books would never do that .
By turning the page we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings .
When real life friends desert us books are always ready to offer friendship sympathy and motivation .
She can sing very well .
We can see things in the distance using a telescope .
There is an apple under the desk .
He is one of my best friends .
He must have drunk too much last night .
It was a very traditional ceremony .
If mankind doesn t take care of the environment the environment may eliminate mankind .
We re just about finished here .
There will be snow tomorrow .
You ve been late for school more often than before .
I fought against sleep .
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy .
I don t know if my money is enough .
Don t kid yourself .
Don t deceive yourself .
I awoke from a dream .
He lost a book .
She lost a book .
We haven t finished eating the watermelon yet .
The weather today is great but lately it s been raining all the time .
They eat these things .
They eat these things .
They eat these things .
Today I went to university to study . Tomorrow I will go again .
I m friends with him .
Me and him are friends .
My house is here .
This is easy !
I ve heard Italian is a tricky language .
Please send me a picture of yourself .
If you pass this test you could graduate next month .
She s busy .
That s a lie !
He works in a factory .
I don t have four sisters .
She s busy .
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case ?
Such behavior can cause an accident .
I haven t used Anki for a week and now I m behind by cards .
And I m in Lvov now !
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life .
He became wiser as he grew older .
What is a god ?
She has just turned twelve .
Thanks I m full .
Is it raining ?
What languages do you speak ?
I went to see a show today .
He is a good match for me in tennis .
I am in a tight place .
There are many galaxies in the universe .
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows .
He ll play golf even if it rains .
He suggested to us that we should stay .
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed .
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean .
Which language is spoken in the United States of America ?
Why are you ignoring me ?
His office is near the train station .
It may sound strange but what she said is true .
People love to talk .
I m a make up artist . I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman .
I m really jealous of your life right now .
The job is interesting and then again the pay is good .
It looks like they have made up again .
He treats me as if I am a stranger .
Fear always springs from ignorance .
My parents taught me to respect my elders .
We live near the large library .
I asked her for her address .
Our dorm s heating system isn t working properly .
That red roofed house is my uncle s .
What a beautiful night !
He had just arrived .
He has a white cat .
One should respect his teachers .
Push the red button if something strange happens .
Who are you talking to ?
This cell phone is really expensive .
Play there .
Failing the examination means waiting for another year .
Do you have rice ?
Don t exaggerate now .
Let s go to the field and fly kites what do you say ?
Do you think of me as a cool guy ?
Do you think I m cool ?
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives .
We have our evening meal at here .
Lunch is on .
He was hit by a car and died instantly .
I wish you a speedy recovery !
Who has come ?
Our surplus has swelled by nearly ten percent in this quarter .
What time do you usually go to bed ?
Is he busy ?
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes .
An egg should cook for at least minutes .
We could go travelling for a few days .
You d better lie low for a few weeks .
Could you help me for ten minutes ?
He can borrow my moped for a few days .
The police will pursue her for a long time .
She goes online for several hours every day .
You should sleep for eight hours a day .
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed .
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad .
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy .
I watched TV for two hours yesterday .
When you get there wait for a while .
I ll go out after I ve rested for a while .
I slept for eight hours last night .
We ve been waiting for hours .
I ve known him for ten years .
They ve been watching that film for ages .
They haven t slept for forty eight hours .
We haven t seen him for over ten years .
My wife is Chinese .
My wife is Chinese .
This room is used as a kitchen .
Do you want to sit down ?
Do you want to sit down ?
I heard you are going to get married .
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars .
Tom is three years older than Mary is .
My shoulder hurts so much I don t know what to do .
I miss you . I need to see you . Could I come over ?
Is it yours ?
Love is blind but jealousy can see even nonexistent things .
Your shirt button is coming off .
The boy throws a stone .
I miss you so much .
Reading a book can be compared to a journey .
I don t think television will take the place of books .
Why didn t you call me yesterday evening ?
She insisted that I should see the doctor .
That young lady is a nurse .
How did you arrive at this conclusion ?
You ll need a special tool to do it .
He doesn t know how to write a letter in English .
You should set a good example to your children .
I must buy a new winter coat .
Knowledge is power .
I don t know any of the five ladies .
As far as I m concerned things are going well .
Language is the means by which people communicate with others .
He painted the ceiling blue .
You don t have to stay in the hospital .
Whose is this ?
Whose is it ?
We are but men not gods .
The store is closed Mondays .
This is the nicest present I ve ever had .
The boy went to bed with his socks on .
You remind me of a boy I used to know .
I know almost nothing about it .
I know almost nothing about it .
There s no chance that he ll recover .
Paper was invented in China .
You are the most important person in my life .
He often sits for many hours reading books .
He sleeps during the day and works at night .
He secretly showed me her photograph .
He s been sick in bed for four days .
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport ?
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear .
The terrible scene made him shudder .
He was so angry he couldn t speak .
Do you have anything to eat ?
This is just a hypothesis .
I m not as stupid as you think I am .
Christmas is so close now .
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars !
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her but it was impossible .
I think you need to think about the future .
I made a serious mistake on the test .
By the way how many of you keep a diary ?
I have decided to keep a diary this year .
I broke a nail .
You must have stayed up late .
She is used to staying up late .
Women like to talk .
It is likely to rain today .
You may be surprised to receive this letter .
The medicine cured him of his illness .
I m going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
To my surprise he had a beautiful voice .
On behalf of the company I welcome you .
If you re not sweating when you do cardio then you re not doing it hard enough .
 You have expensive taste ! the shopkeeper exclaimed . Are you sure you don t want to look through our cheaper variants first ? 
 I m in a terrible hurry . . . for reasons I can t say Dima replied to the woman . Please just let me try on that suit there . 
Do you like to be alone ?
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need .
She s learning to swim .
I love how you think of other people s needs before your own .
Have you ever donated blood ?
Do you study every day ?
The amount of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States of America .
After hearing the news she cheered up .
Something is better than nothing .
I didn t want to surprise you .
Do you like apples ?
The bus was ten minutes late .
The bus was delayed for ten minutes .
The bus was late by ten minutes .
Do you think animals have souls ?
Do you think animals have a soul ?
What are we having for dinner ?
What s for supper ?
I m very tired but I can t get to sleep .
I was born in .
You haven t changed at all .
He does not like tennis .
He obtained a picture which Picasso had painted in his later years .
What is his daily goal ?
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me .
If you hurry you can still make the train .
The dictionary is of great use to me .
I recognize that what he says is the truth .
I knew he would accept .
 yuan is a lot of money .
We re drinking tea and waiting .
Some people eat sushi with their hands .
Huizi asked Zhuangzi If you re not a fish how do you know what fish enjoy ? 
She came close to falling off the platform .
My leg was broken in a traffic accident .
It s only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport .
Come on in !
She bought some vegetables yesterday .
The distance between stars is measured in light years .
All happy families resemble each other each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
He loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him .
It warms your heart when while listening to a song in a seemingly ! foreign language Slovak Macedonian or Slovenian you hear words that you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases .
 How about a cup of coffee ? I d like to but I have a previous engagement . 
That s why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork .
They shone like stars in the dark dirty building .
The load of the truck was in excess of three tons .
The more people you know the less time you have to see them .
She is proud of her husband being rich .
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further .
There s nothing more I can teach you .
There s nothing more I can teach you .
John is as old as my brother .
The boy was naked to the waist .
The boy was shirtless .
This year s fashions are completely different from last year s .
Death is often compared to sleep .
When was the castle built ?
What is the depth of the lake ?
Only my mother really understands me .
In the end because of the disease he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around .
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours sleep a night .
During droughts farmers are barely able to eke out a living .
Tom drank too much .
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam .
It is not easy to learn a foreign language .
She s my wife .
I overslept because my alarm didn t go off .
He s not very strict about this .
The room originally had no furniture .
This is an adverb .
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him .
I can t quite figure out what that chord around is . Can somebody help me out ?
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years .
Egg tarts when freshly baked are a real delicacy .
I ve never had Chinese food .
Do you like eating fish ?
Could you show me the way to the bus stop ?
She kept walking about the room .
I have no more money in my wallet .
She resides in New York .
Human beings communicate in many ways .
That is no business of yours .
There must be some misunderstanding between us .
She and I are in the same class .
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure .
We should pass on our culture to the next generation .
I can t find my girlfriend s clitoris .
Does the room have air conditioning ?
I don t think it ll rain this afternoon .
Please refer to page ten .
As soon as we are born the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units .
Tom often goes shopping alone .
Once you have begun to do something never give up .
I m not a magician .
Don t look down on him merely because he is poor .
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon .
Some national parks offer showers and even baby sitting services .
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician the current Prime Minister of Italy as well as a successful entrepreneur .
This is the best dictionary that I have .
This is one of the best dictionaries I have .
He wrenched the letter from my hand .
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three .
I ve seen a lot of him recently .
Never say never .
Promises are made to be broken .
He doesn t know the difference between right and wrong .
I like China .
Tomorrow I m going to Paris .
I am vegan .
I don t eat pork beef or eggs .
Have you eaten ?
Did you already have a meal or not ?
Hello I m so hungry !
But I don t eat even a little bit of meat .
Why don t you give me a few suggestions ?
As long as there s no meat anything is fine .
Did you already eat at home ?
Don t let others do what you yourself don t like .
You are my mother .
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator .
If you don t eat you die .
She asked me to continue writing to your father .
I had two cups of coffee .
I drank two cups of coffee .
She has beautiful eyes .
At what time did you hear the gunshot ?
I m too tired to do anything right now .
We have enough time to catch the train .
Could you repeat that ?
Can you say that again ?
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to .
Do I have to be hospitalized ?
How is the weather today ?
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority .
You have to acquire real skills not just superficial knowledge .
In many cases the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD s artwork .
She seems timid but she s actually a strong willed person .
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief .
Are these all your belongings ?
I have much in common with him .
The passing car splashed muddy water on me .
How many hats do you own ?
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day .
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans .
He placed emphasis on the importance of education .
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time .
Wolves won t usually attack people .
We ll have a barbecue at the beach .
Mario is an Italian citizen .
You have already eaten .
You have already eaten .
He has already eaten .
She has already eaten .
The frog in the well .
A frog in a well doesn t know the ocean .
Where is Mississippi ?
I gave the house to you .
She is a noted singer .
I found a beautiful shell on the shore .
Get out of my house !
I never spoke to him after that .
I was frightened by the sight .
I m sleepy .
Tom doesn t have a microwave oven .
He ran into the room .
This product claims to help you lose weight .
The boy is full of promise .
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others .
This is a beautiful flower .
The entire world desires peace .
Mary is going to help us tomorrow .
We can not be too careful in operating a nuclear power plant .
Harvard was founded in .
See you at the party .
Let s ask if it s true .
This is the town I told you about .
Let s get started .
He pulled up the weed and threw it away .
How do you feel now ?
His greatest fault is talking too much .
Meat or fish ?
They came all the way from Brazil .
Tom hugged Mary .
He asked the man to help him .
I ve worked here for ten years .
All you need to do is just sit here .
He made me a suit .
You should come visit us !
It ll soon be time for dinner .
We study music .
I hear that you play the piano .
The book was published in .
I hope your wishes will come true .
Beware of the dog !
We went skiing in Canada .
There was only a little milk left in the bottle .
He was still in his teens when he founded a company .
In reality black is not a color it is the absence of color .
Would you please lend me some money ?
She used to live with him .
I m glad to meet you too Mr Ito .
Coffee does harm to your stomach .
What a stupid boy he is !
He had no idea why his wife left him .
Please bring an ice bag .
Tom doesn t know how to have fun .
You can t see the forest behind the trees .
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French .
He is getting along with his neighborhood .
The soldiers occupied the building .
She decided to marry him .
Ask him what to do next .
All good things must come to an end .
Achoo !
No student went to the party .
My parents generation went through the war .
Tom wanted to take a shower .
You see what I mean ?
Do you understand what I m saying ?
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform .
He had one daughter .
We ought to buy some new office equipment the stuff we ve got is out of date .
Sooner or later his luck will run out .
You must not give up hope .
Who likes insects ?
Brush your teeth before going to bed .
Tom began talking .
He is very tall .
The exhibition is now open .
He hit his head against a rock .
She needn t have paid the money .
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India .
She cooked us a delicious dinner .
You need not do it at once .
You don t have to do it immediately .
You don t have to do it right away .
It is likely to rain again .
He doesn t exist .
I m very happy .
The sun sets earlier in the winter .
They tied the thief to the tree .
They left one after another .
Don t leave the room .
We can t tell which is better .
He s afraid that he might be late .
Please speak more clearly .
I don t like this .
Can I carry this on the plane ?
You may choose whichever you want .
They don t always obey their parents .
He s pale because he s sick .
Where is the cafeteria ?
We happened to get on the same bus .
He cannot afford to buy a car much less a house .
Why are you feigning innocence ? !
It s not you that she loves it s me .
He isn t here because he s ill .
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself .
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room .
Everyone thinks of changing the world but no one thinks of changing himself .
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded . With men they re not so choosy .
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it .
When will you come back to Italy ?
She was absent from class .
Sixty minutes make an hour and a minute is made up of sixty seconds .
I d like to discuss something with you .
It is a lot of fun to drive a car .
He married for money .
Enjoy your holidays .
George is five years senior to me .
George is five years older than me .
The scientist is working on atomic energy .
Is he Japanese ?
Could you tell me where I can get a bus ?
Your question has no answer .
There is not an answer for your question .
I tried to escape .
It s under the table .
The company went bankrupt .
His letter makes me uneasy .
A long day has passed on .
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years .
I prefer being poor to being rich .
A light bulb gives light .
They require me to work harder .
I must go through the task by tomorrow .
They have been married for four years .
He will assist this project .
Children need loving .
I had my brother repair my bicycle .
I haven t eaten lunch yet .
He knew he could not win .
Have you ever seen such a nice film ?
Your book is on the desk .
That house is big .
Can he write this character ?
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number .
He was under suspicion of being a spy .
This is smaller than that .
The rumor proved to be true .
The curtains make this room beautiful .
The monkey climbed up a tree .
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket .
Apart from cats I like animals .
Ow the coffee is very hot !
I shouldn t have done it .
Tom has three older sisters .
All life is a dream and dreams themselves are only dreams .
I dreamed a strange dream .
Once Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly but when he woke up he wasn t sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi .
Once Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly but when he woke up he wasn t sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi .
She dreamed a strange dream .
I want to buy this dictionary .
He tried many different methods .
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French .
This function takes two parameters the first one is the title of the window the second one will be the title of the icon .
If you want to use Chinese characters be sure you ve saved your files in the UTF encoding .
Don t shut your eyes .
The letter is inside the envelope .
The next day Isabela came back home .
My pet is sick .
I feel smart . . . Pity . . . It s just a feeling . . .
You don t need to go unless you want to .
Even a child knows right from wrong .
What time did you arrive there ?
It s about time for dinner .
You can get it at a bookstore .
My father is rich .
My brother is rich .
My brother is rich .
Do you speak Chinese well ?
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days .
After cook it on a low flame for minutes and you re done .
Everything has an end .
Are you full ?
I ve never tried Chinese food .
The restaurant can t be matched for good service .
I don t want to get my hands dirty .
The eye is the window of the soul .
I am not the least bit happy with this e book revolution .
Yesterday I read an interesting story .
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian but it s simple .
I m not going to hurt you .
I don t like being treated like a child .
You can t attend ? Why not ?
Tom doesn t believe a word of what Mary just said .
To rule a country is no easy task .
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson .
We are anxious about her safety .
John was tired from working overtime .
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time .
Tom did an excellent job .
I m on your side .
The garbage can gave off a bad smell .
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red .
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill .
We weren t told where he came from .
They came up with a plan after a long discussion .
I will be a doctor someday .
She lives a block away and her name is Susan .
I ll be in my office from ten tomorrow .
Tom tried to kill Mary .
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales so we re going to overlook it this once .
The island lies to the west of Japan .
The meeting will take place next Sunday .
She is a singer without equal .
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony .
I was at home .
My mother did nothing but weep .
She managed to finish the work on her own .
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west .
He made over the interior of his house .
Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke she readily goes out drinking with friends .
Don t blame Tom for what Mary did .
You can t count on their help .
My sleep was disturbed by the sound .
Why is he hiding ?
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called .
He has a heart of stone .
If he is innocent it follows that his wife is guilty .
If he is innocent then his wife is guilty .
That house appears deserted .
I am very very sorry .
The movie called Paranormal Activity was not that much good .
Bees are flying among the flowers .
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control .
He had plenty of fight left in him .
Many pupils are poor at algebra .
I have climbed Mt . Fuji three times .
She continued that you should keep your promise .
The ceremony began with his speech .
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half hearted manner .
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do .
Are you a wizard ?
He caught her by the arm .
You d better relax a bit .
Mary got the nod from among some applicants .
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing .
Lucy might be able to help you if you can t cook dinner for ten people alone .
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me .
When you go to Romania you will visit Dracula s Castle .
He wore a dark sweater .
It worried me that she looked pale .
He will eventually ruin himself .
I must excuse myself from the task because I am unequal to it .
Our bodies respond to our feelings .
You are our only hope .
He read the letter over and over .
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure .
That boy used to drop in on me .
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning .
I can t make out what he wants .
Iron the inside of collars first and then the outside .
A policeman ran past .
Having no will is the worst handicap .
Education is the path to happiness peace righteousness and success .
He is the law .
Just because it s in Tatoeba .org s database doesn t mean it s a sentence .
Tom understands what it takes to survive .
She lives in abundance .
I can t remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday .
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia .
The weather is nice tonight .
He may well be proud of his sons .
Oh please !
Tom can t get over Mary .
Mother boiled ten eggs .
My mother boiled ten eggs .
I found out where she was .
He lived a moral life .
Nobody else offered to help .
In her home kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs .
He has been ill in bed for four days .
Tom had no reason to be angry .
She beckoned me to come in .
All the members made much of her opinion .
Later he wrote to the president .
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me .
When did your friend leave for America ?
Samuel helps anyone that asks him .
She finds it a little distasteful .
I had lost a camera the previous day .
I don t care a rap .
Oh OK . See you . But drive carefully .
But the farmer smiled at him .
He said Davis must be captured .
The statue of Hachiko the faithful dog stands in front of Shibuya Station .
He is as great a scientist as ever lived .
He watched from a distance .
Sorry I was dining and I didn t see the message .
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom .
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido .
While we were discussing the problem I hit upon a good idea .
We went all out to get the job done .
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly .
I heard the manager s wife is on vacation . And well when the cat s away the mice play . Now he s out partying every night .
Sicily is hot in summer .
The whole audience erupted in laughter .
His house isn t far from this store .
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work .
Put a record on the stereo .
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit .
The name rang a bell in me .
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain .
Let me buy you another one .
How are you keeping off this intense heat ?
His behavior is worthy of respect .
These apples look very fresh .
He has completely lost all sense of duty .
This road will lead you to the airport .
They started in spite of the heavy rain .
As for me I have nothing to say .
I am sorry . I am not from here .
I ve not seen him in a long time .
All right ! You will be sorry for this .
I don t have the slightest intention of retiring .
Tom couldn t control himself .
She walked very carefully .
He is trying to keep up with the current of the times .
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating .
Don t throw trash here .
He can read English easily .
They forgot to lock the door .
Everyone feels pessimistic .
He found me a taxi .
Let s take advantage of the long weekend .
Children can t swim in this river .
I have two children away at university .
The business hasn t been paying for the last six months .
The bus doesn t always come on time .
The girl brushed past me .
The blouse costs twelve libras .
As the train came to a halt all of the passengers wondered what was happening .
Garvey speaks up for racial pride .
I hope that you are very well .
Ten to one they ll miss the train .
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington .
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day .
Young man enjoy yourself while you are young !
They kept on walking .
He is a lump of selfishness .
Feel free to ask any questions .
He regrets his having wasted his money .
Nobody but John has heard of it .
The coral reef is the region s prime attraction .
She is going to Bob s .
My father grows rice .
She should have arrived home by now .
Could you please tell me again why you are late ?
I am speculating that he may win the game .
I have supported you throughout .
Mr Gilmore is so well known as to need no introduction .
I ve learned so much from my mistakes I m thinking of making a few more ! !
These things constitute a balanced meal .
All those dots are viral focuses .
Mary is Tom s secretary .
I left the window open all through the night .
He could pass the examination could not he ?
I intend to become a lawyer .
I dislike how he smiles .
Excuse me . Is the supermarket open ?
We have still a lot of food left .
Go to the patio .
I must think over the matter before giving my answer .
He was disappointed that things didn t turn out as he d hoped .
The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known .
The armed forces occupied the entire territory .
The movie received mixed reviews .
Once there lived an old man in a village .
Our people thirst for independence .
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses .
Her line of reasoning is attractive but ultimately fallacious .
In a few minutes we ll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport .
I forgot to save the file before switching off .
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else .
In the afternoon I must arrange for the trip .
This book will do more harm than good .
You can only let the matter take its own course .
I met a certain Mr Smith .
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house .
We are having a serious talk about your future .
When watching TV please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance .
Can you put up with the way he behaves ?
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay .
Would you let me know when Tom comes ?
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me .
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly .
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old .
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him .
This meal is adequate for three .
In a word you hate me don t you ?
She said that she was ill .
It is very hot here in summer .
It s really hot here in the summer .
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children .
That is not my line .
Tom can t tell Mary his real feelings .
She sent me the enclosed check .
Add water and mix to a firm dough .
When she heard that she broke into tears .
Empty the drawer of its contents .
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics .
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck .
I was very much surprised at the news .
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather .
She has an agreeable voice .
To make an excuse for having stayed out late .
She cannot be relied on because she often tells lies .
The idea was brought into shape .
Please give me a break .
She is eager to live in Australia .
You can never have too much ego .
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura s .
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there .
The paper is too big for the envelope .
 That s an unusual hobby she s got the transfer student . She s cute so it s fine with me . 
He met Sammy Davis Jr . on his way home .
Please call the police .
He was kind enough to lend me some money .
He threw a stone at the big dog .
This guitar is so expensive that I can t buy it .
Tom doesn t like doing homework .
I sighed with relief to hear it .
Electricity is very useful .
I m getting dressed after which I will take my breakfast .
Tom wants a glass of water .
The door clicked shut .
He was looked up to by all his friends .
 Will Juma go to the market with Hasani ? No he will go alone . 
For quantities of or more we can allow you a special discount of on the prices quoted .
I m just another man .
I agree with some of your opinions .
What do you think I was doing ?
He caught the traveler s diarrhea .
I must catch the first train .
She s busy now and can t speak to you .
She s busy now and can t talk with you .
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father .
Is that true ?
Do you cook by gas or electricity ?
I don t see why not .
It is too late .
The children were playing in the dirt .
Balls are round .
That place s food is great and their prices are good but the fly in the ointment is their terrible location .
One learns grammar from language not language from grammar .
Only out of the passengers survived .
April showers bring May flowers .
Let s draw lots to decide who goes first .
Jack is the tallest boy in his class .
I didn t go to school last Monday .
Without a wife a man is worth nothing .
He turns a deaf ear to me .
Mr Wood came into the field .
International problems must be solved by diplomacy not war .
That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting .
The floor in this area needs to be redone .
His health has enabled him to succeed in life .
There is lightning .
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold .
Tom helps Mary because he wants to not because he has to .
I didn t even kiss her .
I am sure we have a lot in common .
When will she return home ?
What more could I want ?
I enjoy eating hot soup .
Please call me up if you want me .
How did you come here ?
His new novel will come out next month .
There is no air on the moon .
You came out of the room .
The noise woke her up .
I am working on my new book .
A cat just came out of the basket .
She didn t know what to do .
Tom hasn t played the guitar for years .
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics .
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law .
Please remain calm .
They want to participate in the Olympic Games .
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind .
What kind of book do you want ?
How huge that airship is !
You can t get ahead if you don t work hard .
I only happened to pass here just now .
She is less intelligent than you .
I am very grateful to you for your advice .
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say .
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog .
You re the girl of my dreams .
Take care when you cross the street .
No one wanted to talk about it .
He always sits up late at night .
He s always burning the midnight oil .
There s no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen .
Are there many flowers in the garden ?
He objects to being treated like a child .
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend .
She was able to be ready early this morning because she finished packing last night .
We should look after our parents .
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool .
His girlfriend is Japanese .
Tom isn t tall .
I love Fist of the North Star !
Where are my watches ?
That sounds like a fairly good proposal .
He seems to be very sleepy .
That was where the two armies would fight again .
We wear wool in winter .
Tom doesn t need money to have a good time .
Nobody can understand it .
The writer is very humorous .
He did not know where to go .
We need not only adequate water but clean water .
I hope that she will help me .
I regret having said that to him .
Tom loves studying music .
She is weakest at science .
Have you ever been to Tokyo ?
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas .
Staying at home is boring .
The cost of living in the United States was rising .
Those homeless people are living hand to mouth .
No matter how hard I try . . .
Tom cut down a tree in his yard .
They re able students .
This goblet is made of gold .
It is he who is to blame .
Don t cut the cake with a knife .
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it .
He seldom stays home on Sundays .
With great effort he climbed up the tree .
Won t you come with me ?
I can t afford to buy such an expensive car .
It is possible that you have already read this book .
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon .
These pictures always remind me of the old days .
What are you eyeing ?
It is true that he is poor but he is contented .
I picked out a new hat at the store .
We ran out of gas .
We ran out of gas .
What s his most recent novel ?
The flowers withered up .
The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people .
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches .
Why did you wake me up to tell me something that big ? Now I ll never be able to concentrate on my work !
Tom eats like a pig .
The man is starving .
We have three dogs one white and two black .
I must have my work finished by tomorrow .
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem I still don t get it .
Because the entrance was locked we couldn t enter the house .
I don t feel like translating this sentence .
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow s meeting so I had to turn it down .
I ve had it for today . I m too tired .
The doctor administered medicine to the patient .
My father allowed me to go to the concert .
My father asked me to go to the concert .
I m so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it .
Tom won in the lottery .
She ll try it once more .
I feel like somehow I ve stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable .
A scary horror movie is only a movie . Once you turn off the screen it s all over but life . . .you re stuck in it .
I dare say there ll be taxis at the station .
People are concerned about racial problems .
You re a bug .
You re a bug .
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss .
That is as much as I dare spend on it .
At any rate we have no means of helping him .
Have you ever done it ?
He likes to sing in the bathtub .
He bowed to the Queen .
You d better not tell him .
We waited a long time but she didn t show up .
He did it all out of kindness .
I intend to study abroad in America next year .
Since there is no air on the moon there is no sound at all .
Tom kicked Mary .
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary .
We have a traitor among us .
Times are changing .
How can a router be used to limit network speed ?
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her .
I wrote a letter to my parents at home .
I will be your guarantor .
Scream it loud !
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth .
He stole my money from the safe .
My mother is active .
I m holding a book .
Her novel was translated into Japanese .
You can come to my party but you have to bring me a gift .
A young man is singing in front of the door .
You get in my way ?
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound .
You are as white as a sheet .
Isn t it a bit small ?
She has very neat handwriting .
Faster higher stronger .
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up .
They worship every Sunday .
The smell of roses filled the room .
He is not as old as he seems .
I could not help laughing at his haircut .
I may have made a mistake .
She is just going shopping .
You are fantastic .
He has been absent from work for a week .
The man died in a car accident .
Don t mix up comets and asteroids .
Tom fell into the pool .
I was laughed at in school today .
Let s do it another time .
There is a post office in front of the station .
Tom likes to have fun .
Mary announced her engagement to Tom .
He grieved at the death of his best friend .
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises .
Bob has the habit of going to bed at .
He s fluent in Japanese .
Attached is my monthly report .
Today she turns ten years old .
The train headed for the station .
Let s decide by coin toss .
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital .
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday .
I ve got to finish this essay by tomorrow .
You know what I mean .
He is what we call a walking dictionary .
Tom is still just a boy .
The man who was smoking said He doesn t come here any more . 
They didn t have to speak about our school .
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise .
What prevented you from coming yesterday ?
It was a nightmare .
Tom worked all day and was completely worn out .
Everyone around the area works hard .
Tom seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink .
I m sure he will go far in the business world .
I wish I had more time to talk with her .
I made a deposit of at the bank .
She is brushing her hair .
None of them would admit to being the culprit .
The story is not in accord with the facts .
The victim had been beaten up and left for dead .
When he was a student he went to the disco only once .
You can trust him with any job .
The picture reminds me of my family .
The train makes miles an hour .
The train makes miles an hour .
He lied to us .
It was you that suggested seeing that movie .
I will never violate a law again .
That s enough .
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous .
The baby weighed seven pounds at birth .
That s enough .
You definitely can t compare Marseilles and Lyons .
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam .
He worries excessively on the eve of exams .
That country has a severe climate .
Do you remember the town he was born in ?
If you take my advice you ll see a doctor .
He and I have a near telepathic understanding of each other . No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding .
I live in Hyogo Prefecture .
I will write a letter to Judy .
We painted the house green .
I prefer staying at home to going fishing .
If I do not get the item this week I will make a complaint to PayPal .
I will post lots of pictures so it will be like you were there with me .
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in .
Are you for the war or against it ?
I don t understand him sometimes .
He is something of a musician .
We still have an old tube television .
This law will deprive us of our basic rights .
For a long time society was strongly hierarchical and unequal primarily composed of peasants . The most backward impoverished segment of the population they were crushed by the weight of taxes wars and famines .
The following is a summary of the President s speech .
He isn t like his brother .
Who wrote the Bible ?
Violence is the cancer of our society .
Pleasure is always in the past or in the future never in the present .
She loves the doll like her own sister .
We spread out and began to search through the woods .
How many sandwiches are there left ?
She slapped him in the face .
Smiling is a cheap way to be prettier .
I don t plan to hang out tonight . I need to prepare for my lessons .
Keep the change !
The boy is kind .
Keep the dog out .
Don t let the dog in .
The curtain fell .
This is never going to end .
Turn off the gas .
Turn up the TV .
Don t turn up the volume of TV anymore .
Call the police !
Open the bottle .
The leaves fell .
The light is on .
Get on the horse .
He likes to get on the horse and go out .
We lost the game .
Clean up the room .
He threw the ball .
He turned the key .
I won the lottery .
Is the bath clean ?
Keep to the right .
Put out the light .
She s in the bath .
The doorbell rang .
The meeting ended .
The pain has gone .
His speech bored me .
One cannot study in such noise .
I ll get there as soon as I can .
I spent dollars on it .
There are several ways to measure speed .
What s your major field ?
The weather is fine today !
Little Zhang is a good guy !
Don t let this opportunity slip away !
Don t miss the train this afternoon !
That s not a bad idea .
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world .
I thought it was true .
I was happy to see her .
I m glad that you will come .
It was ages since we had had such a good time .
My wife wants to adopt a child .
Spring is my favorite season .
I ve scolded him many times .
It is very hot here in the summer .
My father had me wash the car .
He s younger than me .
I remember seeing him .
They must really hate me .
Japan is in Asia .
I have no idea who she is .
It s a very sad story .
I ve missed another chance .
The price of the book was .
I won t be here tomorrow .
Why don t you go home ?
Please show me another one .
They arrived late because of the storm .
What will you have for lunch today ?
Why didn t you read the magazine ?
It s strange that Ken doesn t agree with us .
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy .
We re finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy .
Her dream is to visit Paris .
Her feelings are easily hurt .
He is twice as old as she is .
Why did he do such a thing ?
Two men are checking on what s wrong with the car .
If a man had sheep and all but died how many sheep would he have left ?
It s not important .
I wish I were a good singer .
Two years ago I went to China .
It s amazing .
Enough !
I need to go to work .
Tom burst into tears .
I would like to brush up my English .
Whether he comes or not the result will be the same .
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear .
Is this a pen or a pencil ?
One is Japanese and the other is Italian .
This machine was of great use to us all .
We eat a meal three times a day .
Tom didn t agree to do it .
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother .
She began crying .
I don t believe you . You re always telling lies .
Please be quiet everybody .
She wears a lot of makeup .
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary .
I caught sight of a parade on my way home .
I do not know when she will come back .
The girl was gazing at the doll .
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors .
Thanks . Maybe we ll come back .
I don t know his address .
It s very hard getting a taxi in this city .
The lake was frozen .
Could you lend me the book ?
Tom doesn t have a fever .
She always cries when he is drunk .
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor .
We have two examinations during this term .
He was made a fool of by his neighbors .
I like L .A . better .
Weather permitting I ll start tomorrow .
The river that flows through London is the Thames .
Please turn off the light before you go to bed .
The family is watching a movie together .
We have ample time to catch our train .
Tom doesn t like any kind of spicy food .
He has plenty of money in the bank .
I must make up for the loss .
I give you a book .
You shouldn t go out for a few days .
A dog will bark at strangers .
My brother has become a priest .
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday .
There were few children in the room .
Your hair is pretty .
I am very interested in these stories .
I like English very much .
He dried his wet clothes by the fire .
I hate Mondays .
Don t talk about it in my mother s presence .
I haven t eaten for many days .
She likes to listen to music .
They settled in Canada .
I am working to save for my college tuition .
At first I thought I was sick .
Install Linux !
Tux is the mascot for Linux .
I should read the book .
She pulled him out of the mud .
Do you think I m made of money ?
He is afraid of his own shadow .
That car is really expensive .
I met him by chance on the train this morning .
I really like my coworkers .
The air felt a little cold .
Her skin is whiter than snow .
His illness is caused by bad weather .
I want a little bit of coffee . I don t want anything else .
Every day I come to university by bus .
It started raining as soon as we got home .
He broke in on our conversation .
It is careless of her to make such a mistake .
Tom doesn t trust the police .
We ll get a phone call from him tonight for sure .
How is your business going ?
He is aware of the danger .
The writer is living in a log cabin .
You and I are the same age .
It s my belief that knowledge is power .
We must not laugh at the poor .
I know where he comes from .
He has gone to Britain .
Get up early in the morning .
Some of them seem to be too difficult .
The longer I stayed in Paris the more I liked it .
Money answers all things .
His response was contrary to our expectations .
I was able to find out his address .
She stared at a UFO in silence .
Don t put your things in the passage .
He has an eye for antiques .
They thought he was the son of the Sun .
You can keep this dictionary if necessary .
That woman over there is Ana .
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home .
Yesterday I spent the whole day working .
In Japan the new school year begins in April .
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed .
No one knows what ll happen in the future .
This is the cutest puppy I ve ever seen .
Are Protestants tired of the Bible ?
I am not Canadian .
It goes without saying that health is important .
War is peace . Freedom is slavery . Ignorance is strength .
My roommate is learning Chinese .
I can t play tennis that well .
I ll see to it .
He lied to my face .
Do I need to transfer ?
He had to stay in bed .
I gave my cold to him .
The teacher lined the children up in order of height .
Mother made a doll for me .
She is qualified as a nurse .
Money isn t the only thing that matters .
I will help you if I have finished my work by four .
This rule does not apply in all cases .
He stuck to his promise .
He gave in .
Count me in .
Come on everything will be all right .
I thought he was going to fail the exam but he passed after all .
You have the choice of soup or salad .
She s a doctor now .
Hope to see you next time I m in N .Y .
He s writing a long letter .
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic .
Which is more complete the first edition or the second ?
Which one is more expensive ?
You may get a serious disease .
I absolutely don t know that woman .
I really don t know that woman .
Sit beside me .
I couldn t make her out at all .
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on .
I like you .
I want to clean the house before my parents come .
Apart from some fruit he hasn t eaten anything .
This saying suddenly became popular .
This saying became popular overnight .
I m already able to write Chinese characters .
I am already able to write Chinese characters .
What are you punishing them for ?
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom ?
Science begins when you ask why and how .
Why are your ears so big ?
You can t equate nationalism with fascism .
Nashi are tinned in this factory .
Some people are difficult to please .
We speak the same language don t we ?
Bright ideas never occur to me .
You have a point there .
Tom sold Mary his car .
He is very busy writing stories .
He lived here for a time .
The doctor called him back .
It cost him dollars to rent a car in Hawaii .
I am not acquainted with her .
It s a waste of time and money .
Their traditional life style no longer exists .
Answer my question carefully .
I can t believe that you were the smartest kid in your class .
There are fifty members in this club .
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness .
I don t know what you mean .
It is close to eleven . It s about time we went to bed .
There is no admission fee for children under five .
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars ?
It was Mr . Smith that taught me how to use that machine .
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself .
There are subtle differences between the two pictures .
There is a castle in the background of the picture .
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building .
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race .
Having met the girl before I recognized her at once .
You ll have three relationships before you meet your true soulmate .
I may be antisocial but it doesn t mean I don t talk to people .
That is intriguing .
I went on reading .
You deserve to succeed .
I met a friend .
When I call on you I ll let you know in advance .
Everyone will accept that idea in principle .
Tom is afraid of heights .
She s my daughter .
Do it as soon as possible .
I saw him playing baseball .
Choose a book carefully .
Do you like this book ?
Which countries have you visited ?
She might know that we are here .
She loves chocolate too .
Tom hasn t talked to Mary in years .
What you said is not true .
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early .
She doesn t have any friends .
I do not know how to use it .
Let s take a break now .
I speak Swedish .
I sure hope this is a dream .
By the time that he tried Dima was beginning to give up hope .
I learn the language by myself .
I haven t met her .
The city has a large population .
This is the worst book I ve ever read .
Green stands for hope .
I have ten pens more than you do .
Do you think that he is equal to the task ?
I don t feel like studying English today .
I can t face this life alone .
Tom deserves to be blamed .
He often sits by me and listens to music .
I wish I could go to the party with you .
He is very young .
She is much younger than Tom .
I hope to see you this Friday .
They can speak English .
I can speak Spanish .
He likes tea .
His speech moved us .
He attributed his success to good luck .
He attributes his success to good luck .
I don t mind if it s a little cold .
I don t care if it s a bit cold .
I don t mind if it s hot .
I don t mind if it s hot and spicy .
I don t mind if the weather is hot .
You can buy stamps at any post office .
Don t let your feelings show .
I ll show you how to catch fish .
I couldn t find it anywhere .
Do you know when they will arrive ?
 Do you know when they will arrive ? At eleven thirty this evening . 
Ask me something easier .
Why are you busy today ?
How soon will the meeting begin ?
It looks like an apple .
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple it s probably an apple .
Tom s dog bit him playfully .
He was late for the bus .
I ve always wanted to climb Mt . Fuji .
Tom pretended to not hear a thing .
Open your eyes please .
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open .
Open your mouth and close your eyes .
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them .
Keep your eyes wide open !
You must keep your eyes open .
I enjoyed talking with him at the party .
I enjoyed talking with him .
He s had many unhappy experiences .
How well do you know Tom ?
Do you know Tom well ?
Someone is knocking on the door .
He and his companion asked me to come along with them .
Come along with me and go fishing .
Of course I accepted his offer of support .
Of course you ll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu . You have to learn to take care of yourself .
I m sorry I don t agree with you on that matter .
Let me tell you the reasons that I don t agree with you .
I don t agree with you smoking .
I don t agree with you on this point .
To tell the truth I don t agree with you .
Frankly speaking I don t agree with you .
She warned him not to go out at night alone .
He appears to be strong and healthy .
Don t leave the TV on .
Eat your soup before it gets cold .
Have you already eaten supper ?
This is my business address .
Tom doesn t like me .
She doesn t have a driver s license .
Do you think I m crazy ?
We were nearly frozen to death .
I don t want to go there . He doesn t want to go either .
Drunk driving is a serious problem .
I had no trouble finding his office .
Would you lend me a pencil ?
We should always obey laws .
May I put it down here ?
May I put it here ?
Could I borrow a pencil ?
Mary is very attached to the little girl .
Betty White is very popular with Americans .
The burglar gained access to the house through this door .
The rumor is believed to be true .
So I stopped reading .
Tom said that he didn t want to see or speak to anyone .
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three .
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident .
I m afraid I cannot make myself understood in English .
He missed the train by a minute .
I want to say goodbye .
I already know what you want !
He will come tomorrow .
You have three cats .
Where is your house ?
Where is your house ?
Where is your house ?
I have three cousins .
She won everything .
He won everything .
It is easy to read this book .
I live in Milan .
December has thirty one days .
Without a doubt !
She asked him questions .
I smell gas .
I want a sword !
We are good friends .
His book is very interesting .
Her book is very interesting .
Do you have younger brothers ?
Why don t you take a break ?
The train is coming !
The train is arriving !
She loves to read Chinese books .
If and only if the ice cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it .
I was able to help her .
I love the trunk .
No context no text .
You can take a horse to water but you can t make him drink .
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman .
There is no water .
There s no water .
My cat is mad .
The boy has learned to read .
I am not certain about that .
I am playing volleyball now .
I arrived at school on time .
I bought it for ten dollars .
I crossed the river by boat .
I didn t catch what he said .
I don t go to school by bus .
I don t know either of them .
I don t want either of them .
Get out ! I don t want to talk to you !
I don t want to talk to you .
I feel like going on a trip .
I fell asleep while reading .
While reading a book I fell asleep .
While I was reading in bed last night I fell asleep with the light on .
I found the boy fast asleep .
I have been to the barber s .
 Where have you been ? I ve been to the barber s . 
I have nothing better to do .
I haven t seen you for ages . Do you remember when I saw you last ?
I lent my friend some money .
I must help her at any cost .
I need to search for my pen .
I only took a bite of bread .
I play tennis an hour a day .
I saw a strange woman there .
I should not have said that .
I slipped the letter to him .
I stayed up late last night .
I stayed up till very late last night .
I think he s a great writer .
He s not such a great writer and I think he knows it .
I threw a stone at the bird .
I want to learn how to swim .
I ve always wanted to learn how to swim .
I want to visit Korea .
I want to visit South Korea .
I was born on April .
I will not attend the party .
I will not see him any more .
I d like to join your group .
I d like to see your sister .
I ll act as a guide for you .
I ll be back by six o clock .
I ll be back in ten minutes .
I ll be seventeen next year .
I ll buy a watch for my son .
I ll have to think about it .
I ll see you next Wednesday .
I ll try my best today too .
I m afraid I have to go now .
I m going to propose to her .
I m looking over his report .
I m seeing her this evening .
I m starting to dislike her .
I m used to staying up late at night .
I m used to staying up late .
I m just worried about my weight .
I m worried about my weight .
Is there a cat on the table ?
It happened a long time ago .
It is a nice view from here .
It s boring to stay at home .
Let s start with Lesson Ten .
In the morning I write in the park .
What did she buy at the shop ?
Did you buy it on the black market ?
I m a loser .
He s so tall !
I ve got a feeling that Tom won t graduate this year .
I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle but it began to rain .
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree .
Why are you speaking loudly ?
Not only you but also I was involved .
I ll never leave you .
Why are you worrying about something that doesn t matter so much ?
At first I thought he was your brother .
At first I thought he was your brother .
I was very tired so I fell asleep right away .
We plan to go hiking tomorrow .
More and more married couples share household chores .
He really likes music a lot .
He started to speak English .
He threw a stone at the dog .
He told me his life s story .
He was standing at the door .
He went to London via Paris .
He s always been kind to me .
His advice didn t help much .
How do you account for that ?
How do you account for that ?
How many books does he have ?
How old do you think she is ?
How old do you think Tom is ?
I agree with you absolutely .
I am dying for a cold drink .
Has she ever fallen in love ?
He accomplished his mission .
He arrived after I had left .
He can pull strings for you .
He did not know what to say .
He doesn t always come late .
He doesn t have any friends .
He doesn t have any friends to play with .
He flew a kite with his son .
He got engaged to my cousin .
He had barely enough to eat .
He has more books than I do .
He is an old friend of mine .
He is still very much alive .
Although old he is still very much alive .
He is unfit to be a teacher .
He likes to read newspapers .
He looks like an honest man .
We need food clothes and a home in order to live .
I didn t have the courage to tell her the truth .
I d just woken up and was still drowsy .
These cotton socks bear washing well .
She took no notice of what her father said .
I hope we don t have to wait for too long .
Hope that we need not to wait for a long time .
She waited and waited but he never returned .
I felt the house shake .
He scrunched down in his seat so that I wouldn t see him .
He studies hardest of all the students .
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer .
He never fails to write to his parents once a month .
Father took us to the zoo yesterday .
My father has lived in Nagoya for years .
If you want to learn a language well learn it yourself .
She is getting breakfast ready .
On the plate was a piece of chicken a potato and some green peas .
This is a useful book and what is more it is not expensive .
It fell upon me to take care of my mother .
Whatever language you study it takes time .
Why are men never happy ? Because they always want the impossible .
To hide the fact that she s a princess she disguised herself as a boy and escaped the palace .
I wrote a letter last night .
We have got two daughters and two sons .
He is enjoying his school life .
I promise you I won t ever leave you .
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking .
They worked together to put out the fire .
My boss has the ability to read books very fast .
If I win the lottery I ll be able to live high on the hog .
She hid behind the door and held her breath .
He cannot afford to buy a car .
He gave her a peck on the cheek .
Language is peculiar to man .
No comment .
This game is based on a novel .
You shouldn t share too much private information on the social networks .
She can t write or read .
Not every child likes apples .
We are happy to see you again .
Languages aren t his forte .
The popular singer committed suicide .
His voice is pleasant to listen to .
His voice is pleasant to listen to .
The largest bedroom faces south .
He has a nice income .
He sang while working .
He can t seem to understand that poem .
What is the total amount of money you spent ?
Tom doesn t have a ticket for tonight s concert .
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task but manageable .
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers .
I would like to learn how to dance .
You re the only one who can help me .
They supplied us with food .
He could be found at o clock every morning in the barn milking the cows .
He has impeccable manners which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks !
What kind of movie do you want to watch ?
A good idea occurred to me last night .
The sky grew darker and darker .
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out .
How can you be so indifferent to your wife s trouble ?
Look ! The train has arrived !
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard working company employees in big cities .
These students work hard but it s not that much efficient .
Good medicine is bitter .
Doctors refused to perform a second operation .
I asked him if he knew her address .
The town is situated meters above sea level .
I was at home then .
Can you give me a discount ?
He died recently .
Our school s principal is very old .
The teacher told Mary to shut up .
My uncle s company launched a new product last month .
Obey your teachers .
Who will be elected chairman ?
Where are you now ?
Too much humility is pride .
He was alone at the time .
Do not drink beer before going to bed .
Are you busy now ?
Are you busy now ?
Are you busy now ?
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes .
That fire burned the entire town to ashes .
He is anything but a gentleman .
He is definitely not a gentleman .
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room .
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room .
Wine helps digest food .
Drinking wine aids digestion .
Do you really want to see a French film ?
Should I take this medicine ?
It s against the rules to smoke at the office .
I like tennis .
Please stop crying .
Please don t cry again .
She is Russian .
You must reboot your computer .
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke .
I have been obsessed with French recently .
They like to sing .
I can speak Chinese but I can t read it .
I can speak Chinese but I can t read Chinese .
The reason is because I can speak Chinese .
I can speak Chinese .
See you next week .
This idea is a misperception and makes no sense .
America has the world s largest economy and its army is the most powerful .
I d certainly like to go and watch a film but I m not sure if I have time .
She s a foreigner but speaks Chinese excellently .
We ordered the products on time . However they won t be dispatched until next month .
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes . However a lot of drivers oppose the idea .
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work .
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat ?
Do you want to eat noodles or rice ?
Let s either speak Chinese or not speak at all .
Let s drink wine or beer .
Correlation does not imply causation .
If you re hungry have something to eat .
If you like beer you might like wine .
If you don t do more exercise you ll be unhealthy .
If your visa expires you must leave China .
If you re going to be like this I ll just leave .
If she didn t see you then there s nothing to worry about .
If you go to Beijing definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square .
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university .
You can only come to China if you ve got a visa .
As long as you ve prepared you won t have any problems .
As long as good people do nothing evil will triumph .
Unless there is reliable evidence for it we should not believe anything .
I won t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely .
You can come in if and only if you know our password .
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married .
I think he s a man of ability .
Some boats are on the lake .
The big cities are full of allurements .
I almost forgot it .
Today is my birthday .
My mobile has been stolen .
Am I in London ?
This is your color !
I like curls .
I live in Tbilisi .
You blockhead !
I have a proposal .
Do the people of your country eat rice ?
Water the flowers before you have breakfast .
He spent the night at his uncle s place .
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education .
Please take the pillow and blanket and give them to me .
Letters from Fiona came gradually less and less .
Fiona s letters gradually came less and less .
I m out riding my bike .
I live here .
He s a very good teacher so his children really listen to him .
My mother could speak five languages .
I can t visit you every day .
I cannot visit you every day .
They have watched TV serials this evening .
How far is it from here to the museum ?
He doesn t look willing to come to the concert .
The car continued to put on speed .
The car continued to accelerate .
The Swiss keyboard doesn t have a .
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man . Columbus in turn got angry and demanded his money back claiming that even a child could state something so obvious .
There were many children in the room .
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient .
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him .
The box is empty .
Do you have enough money ?
He even called me an idiot .
Spring has come .
He has been secretly in love with her .
He has had a crush on her .
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor .
I have no books to read .
He is a painter but he can t paint in the traditional Chinese style .
He s a painter but he doesn t do traditional Chinese painting .
This is a present for you .
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way .
Things change from time to time and one should change with them .
Are you in a good mood ?
No one is more hardworking than you all .
How did you reply ?
At worst I will get an average mark .
Do you want to eat ?
Her house is across the river .
Tom didn t know that Mary liked to cook .
How long have you been doing this ?
We ve lost to .
I forgot to call him today .
Like any company we ve got to look ahead and plan for the future .
They stopped talking .
Please remember me to all your family .
A good question .
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well .
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live .
To make matters worse he isn t even conscious of annoying his neighbors .
This is because you approach everything as a total person with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions .
They still attacked us despite clearly agreeing to sign the non aggression pact .
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood s biggest extravaganza .
This is the room where the body was found .
My premonition turned out to be right .
Thousands of people lost their jobs .
She s still dependent on her parents .
His pictures were hung on the wall .
The committee meets twice a month .
You want to leave it like that ?
How many students are there in your school ?
Let s have our composition corrected by the teacher .
They were very excited .
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip .
I had great admiration for his generosity .
I love to travel abroad .
Hi I have an appointment with the general manager . This is my interview notice .
I m not afraid of facing pressure . When problems arise I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions .
If you are patient in one moment of anger you will escape a hundred days of sorrow .
Man must take a lesson from difficult situation and bad condition which befall in her his life .
Magnanimity is a great treasure harmonious affinity with others is wonderful Detachment from name and gain averts trouble happiness makes older people feel young .
Optimism is like the lamp of hope . Pessimism or negativity is like a drug of sorrow .
Beauty without bounty avails naught .
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking .
A flattering friend is your worst enemy .
A friend in need is a friend indeed .
If you have no character to lose people will have no faith in you .
If you re not a loser by nature then people won t trust you .
He got married quickly .
That will be funny .
I m a little touched .
I love Natasha .
I must learn seriously .
Why did you give him this gift ?
Let s study a specific example .
Up to now how many books do you think you ve read ?
How many books do you think you ve read so far ?
We had a meal after noon .
Don t bother me .
Don t bug me .
These are called shoes .
The library is in the middle of the city .
When I was a child I spent most of my time indoors reading .
To be in love is not the same as loving . You can be in love with a woman and still hate her .
The late Mr Smith was a doctor .
Let us go home .
Do you study every day ?
Do you study every day ?
Tomorrow it will rain .
Today I m feeling melancholic .
I studied English French and Chinese .
He is an Italian .
The child is wearing a belly slip made of silk .
Are there any students from Korea in your class ?
She likes to wear dark colours .
I like to learn Chinese and English .
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost .
Don t worry you shall get the answer this afternoon .
Hmm I think something happened . Wait a second I will try to figure it out .
Shougongsha is an old Chinese technique to test a woman s virginity .
The question was impossible for us to answer .
Do it right now before you forget .
Do it now so you don t forget it .
She married him last year .
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room .
Are you married or are you single ?
I have already finished reading this book .
My driving instructor says I should be more patient .
I haven t washed my hair .
How would you feel if your wife left you ?
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon .
What s your favorite television program ?
There were few students remaining in the classroom .
I have good eyesight .
Can you fetch the children from school ?
Excuse me could you pass me the sugar ?
The concert lasted about three hours .
I want to buy the dress .
The religion was in its glory in those days .
Tom has no choice but to go .
Finally it s Friday .
Accidents are inevitable .
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours .
Curtains and carpets were renewed .
She asked him to sit down .
What kind of wine do you have ?
My child dislikes the dentist .
You can make up to yen a month in that part time job .
Zamenhof the creator of Esperanto was an ophthalmologist .
He was angry with his son .
He went blind in the accident .
We have five English classes a week .
All you have to do is sit here .
He is my classmate .
When taking drugs follow the directions on the bottle carefully .
He studied hard so as to pass the examination .
I was often there .
I think it will be fine .
Tom is eager to live in Boston .
The car won t start because the battery has run down .
Please make sure that the door is locked .
I found them lying on the artificial grass .
In order to apply you have to go in person .
He s very forgetful of things .
So what else is new ?
She s completely crazy about him .
I feel lethargic .
I haven t eaten breakfast yet .
The train slowed and blared its horn as it approached the railway crossing .
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning .
The stream is not very swift .
She replied that she had never seen the man before .
Her answer was that she never had seen that man .
Never have I seen such a big whale .
Mary gave me an American doll .
Juvenile crimes have been increasing recently .
There was a crack in my tennis racket so I sent it out to be repaired .
They made him the chairman of a club .
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident .
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying .
I saw you cooking .
In all fairness he did do his best .
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard ?
She approved of my plan .
She has a tender heart .
I won the gold medal .
Tom can t cook very well so he often eats out .
I never felt at ease in my father s company .
The man is old .
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct .
Take your coat in case it rains .
Am I in your way ?
You bought the ticket for the train ?
They just taught me to swear .
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well ?
I am immediately in awe of you !
All of a sudden I m filled with great admiration for you !
Whether you know him or not you have to support his opinion .
Who did you meet there ?
She said that she had to be back before dawn .
This toy car runs on batteries .
The meeting lasted until .
She studied English in the morning .
When you go abroad it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language .
When I was growing up I never imagined that I would become famous .
Let s hide behind the curtain .
I don t get enough challenge in this job .
She gave him a massage .
He is fresh from college so he has no experience .
I made known my intentions to my parents .
What s the flight s scheduled arrival time ?
I need to find something interesting to do .
It s good exercise to climb hills .
The translation is quite true to the original .
He is able to swim quickly .
He ran to catch up to his brother .
The sun appeared on the horizon .
In my point of view a car does more harm than good .
It s a pity that you should leave Japan .
That house with the red roof is Tom s house .
Can you play the violin ?
I know that I should not tell him a lie .
We must wash all these dirty plates .
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo .
He doesn t live in my neighborhood .
Tom is nervous .
He rejected our offer .
This rule allows no exception .
Eggs are cheap this season .
Your Chinese is awesome already .
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific literary or artistic production of which he is the author .
Your father is Japanese .
Your father is Japanese .
His watch is ten minutes slow .
This is my first time .
My name is Ludwig .
My name is Ludwig .
She s Tom s sister .
She s Tom s older sister .
She is Tom s older sister .
Do you know how my friends describe me ?
To be honest I ve never heard of this place before .
I d like to meet your older sister .
I want to see your older sister .
I d like to meet your older sister .
I want to meet your older sister .
The children rolled down the hill .
You don t seem to understand their good intentions .
She came at once .
Seen from a distance the hill looks like an elephant .
With North Korea s announcement on the th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks and the United States commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue .
If you don t know what your goal is you ll never be able to achieve it .
I feel bad about not having gone to his funeral .
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent .
I left my tennis racket on the train .
I visited American friends in Oakland .
There were fifty persons in all .
Mary has not started yet .
He entertained us with jokes all evening .
He doesn t need to get up so early .
I was moved by her love for other people .
I prefer going outside to spending time on Facebook .
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate ?
You need a key to open the box .
Your opinion is very constructive .
Getting nowhere .
When are you going on summer vacation ?
Catch as catch can .
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary .
He frankly expressed his own view .
I went to bed early for I was tired .
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world .
Why are you meowing ?
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world .
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink .
She advised him to drink more milk .
Brush your teeth .
The coat doesn t have any pockets .
Would you do me a favor ?
Could you do me a favor ?
Can you do me a solid ?
Can you do me a favor ?
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary . What we need is to love without getting tired .
Love loves love .
Love loves love .
Life would be so much better if you didn t care so much .
Tom was shocked .
Tom was shocked .
I ll be with you forever .
I ll miss her forever .
We ll be friends forever .
She ll love him forever .
I want to be with you forever .
He read English Literature at Oxford University .
Do you speak Esperanto ?
He was very old .
I use this .
If you have a thought please raise your hand .
I m still busy .
I like it very much .
What time is dinner served ?
This is a world where the sun doesn t shine .
Didn t you see the man ?
Didn t you see the man ?
Didn t you see the man ?
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government .
I go to the office by car and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams .
It s more difficult than you think .
I m too happy !
I m afraid I can t help you . You must ask someone else .
I couldn t remember ever having met her .
I knocked on the door but nobody answered .
Thank you for inviting me to dinner .
It is fun to speak in English .
The president is difficult to approach .
I m tracking a buck .
Get well soon !
They didn t listen .
Didn t you see the man ?
I bought a book yesterday .
Yesterday I bought a book .
Yesterday I bought a book .
I want to be a sport reporter .
He is respected by everyone .
We lead a very ordinary life .
I have the complete works of Shakespeare .
Gestural language had however serious limitations since it could not be used in the dark or at distance .
Please divide the pizza into three parts .
Divide the pizza in three .
You are a good person .
You are a good person .
Tom is a good person .
No thank you I don t need a plastic bag .
I learn the language by myself .
I come from Italy and I speak Italian .
I come from Italy and I speak Italian .
When a team makes its entrance the captain leads the way .
Can I try on this pair of shoes ?
My name is Luis .
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back .
In order to deal with repeat offenders Mr Johnson is also establishing a two strikes and you re out policy serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights .
Previously Mr Johnson also proposed banning the consumption of alcohol on public transport in the capital which is believed to have reduced the crime rate on trains and buses .
The war in Europe was carried into Africa .
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life whether we like it or not .
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking .
Some medicines can be harmful to the body .
Ruminants are a group of mammals .
What s happened has happened there s no use in whining and complaining .
I love Arabic .
I can t remember the melody of that song .
We are flying above the clouds .
I work in a hospital .
The news spread all over Japan .
Some scientists predict that the world oil reserves will be used up within a century .
Apart from the cost it will take long to build the bridge .
You d better avoid discussion of religion and politics .
Prolonging the discussion will bring us nowhere .
I don t know what kind of person he is .
He has a Picasso .
 Whose chair is this ? It is mine . 
His main object in life was to become rich .
She gives most of her spare time to playing the piano .
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee .
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street .
He seems to know all about her past .
I have black eyes .
I was sure I had never seen her before .
You re the tallest one .
John is my best friend .
Where are your things ?
Where are your things ?
Where are your things ?
Where is my book ?
Where are my books ?
Rubber is not hard it gives way to pressure .
The weather promises to clear up .
He is a promising student .
In spite of the tyrant s persecution the hero valiantly carried on the struggle .
We express our gratitude for Mr Smith s outstanding challenging speech .
It s a long story .
You re getting into deep water .
Are you for or against the proposal ?
The washing up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink .
Heating water does not change its chemical composition .
She is not only good at running she is also good at singing .
In China s approach to relations with other countries we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states .
He is below contempt .
We intended to let you in on the secret .
We went to the dance .
History develops through the replacement of the old by the new .
I recognised him immediately .
Miss Wang has a trace of obstinacy in her but she is still a good student .
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request .
He spoke with evident glee .
If there s an emergency you must run out of the house through this exit .
The first electronic computers went into operation in .
As everyone knows air is a mixture of gases .
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers artificial satellites and rockets .
God knows what their fate will be .
Just think of the difficulties !
Before the th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe .
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us .
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration .
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest .
Life is too short to worry about things like that .
They are very interested in astronomy .
Our baby was born healthy .
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children .
They send their child to a part time nursery .
She is a child care worker in a kindergarten .
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street .
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect and cherish each other .
Nowadays some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching and so all the children can speak a little English .
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten .
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious .
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding s desk .
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm .
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing .
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea he brought from China .
Xiaoding s father s name is written down on the envelope .
Two American students live in this dorm .
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library ? 
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten .
Shihai is carrying a Chinese grammar book to go to Teacher Wang s place and ask questions .
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk .
My schoolmate is holding a map of Beijing in his hand .
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin it was raining outside .
Xueyou is holding a map of China .
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish .
Instead of going to school he stayed at home .
It is .
I am suspicious of him .
His view seems to be too optimistic .
It has been the driest June for thirty years .
What did they hit you with ?
Yes and no .
This town hasn t changed much in the last ten years .
He gave several examples of how we could change things .
This microscope magnifies objects by times .
Traffic lights are used to regulate traffic .
Let me see your wound .
It s easy to distinguish good from evil .
Tom has many friends .
If you want to keep healthy you should do more exercises .
If you want to study Chinese well you should communicate with Chinese people more often .
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time .
Guohua knows many foreign students there are Japanese Koreans French as well as Americans .
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs .
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia .
It s three o clock now I ll come again in an hour .
There is no life without electricity and water .
 Talking about that s the number of worldly passions . What worldly passions have you got then ? I could say but it ll get censored out . 
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born .
The news quickly spread .
I m fat .
It was a pleasant day but there were few people in the park .
Stock prices dropped .
Every day the boy would come .
Cut the cake with that knife .
He may come today .
I felt myself being lifted up .
I ll monitor your progress from my computer .
This word is also French in origin .
We have important issues to discuss .
My opinion is the one that counts !
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten .
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing .
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life .
There are no tables in the room .
Kate has become a full member of the royal family .
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a full member of the British monarchy .
St James Palace represents her William and his brother Harry and now regards her induction as complete .
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels fulfilled by her achievements over the last twelve months .
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry ?
Before Kate was married last year some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye .
Her smooth entry into the ranks of the royal family will help to dispel these fears .
I no longer have the energy to talk .
We are watching TV .
Tom is Mary s best friend .
The movie was interesting as I had expected .
Tom doesn t know any French .
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?
He sat down at the piano and plonked out as best he could the Happy Birthday song .
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase .
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail .
French people don t think of anything as impossible .
Tom felt very lonely .
We must have something to live for .
A sensible man wouldn t say such a thing in public .
He is always finding fault with others .
Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week .
It s in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent .
We can deliver within a week .
Skin shouldn t be exposed to sunlight for too long .
This is mine and that s yours .
I take back everything I said .
But CNN has learned that due to her husband s guidance Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life .
 She would never judge her own accomplishments but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year the source said .
They are often together and go to the opera or visit art galleries .
They get on well together .
In the documentary CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet .
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March .
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess .
When they were in Leicester it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship .
She has achieved her goals .
The aggressors are bound to be defeated .
They were given a hearty welcome .
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in years .
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory .
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire .
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital .
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop .
He was considered very qualified for the job .
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year .
He was injured in the leg .
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power .
It is important that we build up our health .
It doesn t matter whether he will stay with us or leave .
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion .
It s clear that we re going to the church .
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography .
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery .
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys .
It occurred to me that he might be in the library .
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night ?
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity .
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others .
Smith replied that he was sorry .
Every nation rich or poor has its strengths and weaknesses .
People old and young all came out to greet the guests .
She likes all the dresses he bought for her old and new .
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday .
In the darkness she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing .
The city isn t the one I left six years ago .
It s changed so much there are some places I don t even recognise .
Things are the same but people have changed .
He s the only survivor in the village .
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author .
That s why I don t approve of your plan .
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd .
He is not too old to do it .
Chinese is not too difficult to learn .
The change is too small to be observed .
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment .
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear .
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up .
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it .
She wrote down that person s name so as not to forget it .
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time .
If you want to study Chinese well you should communicate with Chinese people more often .
If you want to keep healthy you should do more exercises .
It s hard but I m going to make it !
At one time people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations restaurants or hospital waiting rooms .
It s gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth .
The night was cold .
The snow lay on the ground frozen into a thick hard crust .
When the pressure is lower the boiling point is lower .
It s getting hotter and hotter .
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in .
It was a stormy day and the snow was falling fast .
A goatherd drove his goats all white with snow into a deserted cave for shelter .
I m not a poet I couldn t write a single line to depict its beauty .
A square has four angles .
Milk is sold by the pint .
Beer is sold by the pint .
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in .
I have received a letter from a friend .
I have received your letter and read it with delight .
This truck has a maximum load of tons .
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover .
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together .
Who did you come with ?
I have three dogs . One is male and the other two are female .
Our team is seeded in the ping pong competition .
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month s closed training in winter .
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock .
Opera in English is in the main just about as sensible as baseball in Italian .
He deserves six of the best for being so rude .
Whenever he moved the wound sent pains all along his arm .
Take two aspirins for your headache .
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain .
You are not a student .
Tom likes trying out new things .
They looked at the rubbish then they looked at each other .
People used to be afraid of the future . Today it is the future that should be afraid of people .
What do I think you say . . . well then I ll give you my candid opinion .
The station is nearby .
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong .
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her .
Men s wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income .
Love is seeing her in your dreams .
He seduced her with false promises .
With all its sham drudgery and broken dreams it is still a beautiful world .
Why don t you give her some flowers ?
She meant this gift for you .
Keep this information under your hat .
Don t let this information leak out .
He s gone to Nagoya on business .
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference ?
A Japanese person would never do such a thing .
Because my mother is sick my father will cook today .
I was shocked by the dog that sprang out of the darkness .
I don t like chocolate .
Instead of eating real food we just ate junk food all day .
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense .
That s our house .
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole .
Please take that baggage to the post office .
One of my suitcases is large and the other one is medium .
My gloves are size medium .
Get me one in size M please .
A large or medium sized one ?
You only need a medium size .
They ve sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country .
If you want to sell your old sofa why not put an advertisement in the local paper ?
Need they have sold the farm ?
He solved the problem in five minutes that I had struggled with for two hours .
I looked for you everywhere and didn t find you .
I don t like the way this fruit smells .
I cannot cook as well as my mother does .
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office .
Let s be frank in this question .
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes .
The snail retreated into its shell .
Snails have been eating our lettuces .
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails .
A snail s shell is spiral in form .
The snail drew in its feelers .
The snail draws in its feelers .
Farmers are very busy during the harvest .
Winter is the coldest season in a year .
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season .
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls .
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal .
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed .
His hopes faded .
His visits became less frequent as time passed .
A fish bone has stuck in my throat .
Every morning I eat a bowl of oatmeal .
Go and help wash up at the sink !
Weigongcun subway station has three exits .
It s lucky that his parents are so equable .
It s fairly mild for this time of year .
They traveled together .
The storm sent the temperature down .
The thermometer fell to zero last night .
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit .
There was a drop in temperature after the rain .
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature .
A large quantity of air conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high .
The temperature has stayed hot this week .
You re just comforting yourself with a fantasy !
That s the spirit !
I want to ask him for his phone number .
I want to ask what his phone number is .
What he did really shows the right spirit !
Admittedly it wasn t the best meal I ve ever eaten .
Over the past ten years people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits .
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables .
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain so they re often called electric brains .
He survived an accident last year but still drives recklessly .
She took Chinese medicine which relieved her symptoms .
We know that a cat whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes can see clearly at night .
The jobless became desperate for work any work that would help them to support their families .
My brother may have acute appendicitis in which case he d have to have an operation .
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride .
Mary smiled but her voice had some irritation in it .
His failure to observe traffic regulations resulted in a serious accident .
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue .
I tried in vain to deal with the problem .
I will definitely attend your funeral .
 Don t worry Dima attempted to put the woman at ease . It s not mine . 
 Oh well . . . thought Dima . I suppose that I can t be picky at a time like this . 
She wiped her wet hair with a towel .
Plan your work before you start it .
You have to put an adjective after . 
She wants to work in a hospital .
How about you ?
And you ?
What about you ?
How about you ?
And you ?
What about you ?
John is good at chess .
No thank you I don t need a plastic bag .
It s not us .
This is Doraemon .
I am Doraemon .
Aah ! Hang on a minute !
Yikes wait a second !
Hang on a minute . There s quite a few black chess pieces over there .
Oh no there are more straight ahead !
Woof woof woof !
Full speed ahead !
Move forward at full speed !
You re picking on someone smaller than you again !
You re bullying someone smaller than you again !
So cute !
Mother will be furious for sure !
That idea s not bad .
We took an examination in math last week .
What s the next station ?
Tell me what happened .
My brother bought an electric guitar .
If there s no solution then there s no problem .
This winter we experienced many rainstorms .
She might be leaving .
I want to buy a new car .
My hovercraft is full of eels .
Give me back my money !
That sounds very tempting .
Yes yes of course .
This isn t Little Black is it ?
Is this your family s cat ?
Does this cat belong to you ?
Sorry to let you wait for so long .
JingXiang is so cute .
There s work and there s your life s work .
Are you still a virgin ?
What do you want to do today ?
What fruit do you like the best ?
What fruit do you like the best ?
I like the cold .
Does this cap belong to you ?
Antares is a red star .
Don t get so excited !
Be a good child !
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little .
This dictionary is no good .
What do you think of this place ?
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger .
I m fine too .
Foxes eat hens .
You will be killed !
But that s not the last train right ?
When it comes to animals this can t be considered as being something cruel .
It s been snowing all night .
Have you seen this man ?
There are students in our class .
Have you still not finished paying for my bike ?
The telephone was invented by Bell .
Could you tell me ?
Only peace can save the world .
There are a lot of books in our school s library .
I ll open the window a bit .
No you misunderstood .
Oww it hurts . I ll pay attention next time .
I know !
Found him he is over there .
Found it it s over there .
He is not angry anymore .
Tom is very talented .
What were you doing this morning ?
The teacher has never made fun of the students mistakes .
She is always trying new things .
Some of the money was stolen .
Close your eyes .
I can t bear to deal with her anymore .
Leave me a bit of ice cream .
That tradition has fallen into desuetude .
I refuse to be taken in by her guile .
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures .
I ll eat almost anything but I m very fickle when it comes to cheese .
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails .
What are you looking at ?
What are you reading ?
What are you doing ?
What happened to you ?
Stay here and wait for her .
He went to Tokyo on business .
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time .
Could be could be .
No worries ! This is good enough !
Is she Japanese ?
I am afraid of dogs .
I m afraid of dogs .
He should have been a lawyer .
That tall man is Mr Smith .
I like to go fishing with my father .
Internet is very slow .
Translation is a scholarly discipline .
Translation is a kind of special skill .
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book .
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose .
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground .
No one knows his real name .
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
Which is your book ?
Which book is yours ?
I can t put up with it .
I cannot stomach it .
What kind of person is she ?
Does anyone speak English ?
The air was polluted by exhaust gas .
They were very tired indeed .
He is a doctor and an author .
The moon moves around the earth .
The situation there was critical .
You re reliable .
Where can I buy it ?
I get it .
Do not play with the key .
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten .
He s always busy .
Is the rat alive or dead ?
It is said that truth always triumphs .
Boys run fast .
Invite your friend for dinner .
Since my mother was sick I stayed home from school .
His wife is quite a talented woman .
Who is reading ?
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning .
Yesterday an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory .
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time .
When children play Go they use a board with x or x lines .
I have numerous books on my bookshelf .
I see dead people .
She may be proud of her daughter .
A huge monster is coming down the mountain .
A true scientist would not approach the question this way .
Which is your favorite song ?
One hundred years is called a century .
One hundred years is called a century .
Seeing those tasks I did not feel the burden .
Opinions vary from person to person .
I think what you say is true .
She doesn t have as much patience as you do .
She is not as patient as you .
She said that she gets up at six every morning .
Students must keep silent during class .
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident .
It was dark when I reached the hotel .
I don t like summer .
He told us an interesting story .
Tatoeba is a dictionary .
Because of the change in Canadian marriage laws many American homosexuals came to Canada to get married .
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me .
Gay marriage is permitted in less than of countries .
To be black is better than to be gay . If you were born black at least you don t have to think about how to tell your mother about this .
I m gay .
She s a blog addict .
Mr . Crouch what are you doing ?
What is he so angry about ?
How odd !
How strange !
Very strange .
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads .
Starting tomorrow it s going to snow for a week .
I m studying at the University of Hyogo .
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend she will become suspicious and answer Why did you ask me that ? 
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard .
It says in the Bible Man shall not live on bread alone . 
I am more beautiful than you .
Your theory has no scientific basis .
Soccer is the most popular of all sports .
They re self sufficient .
She s my first love .
She is my first love .
And if I were gay would that be a crime ?
At first I felt they were right to have fired me .
Tom didn t want to interrupt Mary while she was studying .
She borrows novels from Tom .
Fuck we re old !
They boil water for tea .
We have two ears .
Excuse me . Can you direct me to the nearest subway station ?
I love Spanish !
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C .
Work hard so that you may earn your living .
Drawing is a lot of fun it helps me to relax .
I guess I m never going to get married .
What are you concerned about ?
Try to have a positive attitude about everything .
You re much less likely to get a good position if you don t speak English .
You re right I m sorry .
Waaaa . . .
This firm ranks second in the oil trade .
The humble man is getting along with his neighbors .
Musical talent can be developed if it s properly trained .
I m truly grateful !
Not in there .
Not here .
I don t have it .
He doesn t drink coffee .
Your cooking is delicious .
I would really like to know why he did such a thing .
The shop was crowded with young people .
He almost never gets angry .
You can omit the last chapter of the book .
Did you buy it today or yesterday ?
I know you re probably mad about what I said yesterday .
I hope we will be able to keep in touch .
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake .
She looks very elegant .
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol but I do drink .
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing .
My faith in the next generation is increasing .
I m still in school .
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand .
My father retired at the age of .
Plato is my friend but the truth is worth more to me .
You are allowed to use the hotel s swimming pool .
A big tree has fallen in the storm .
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer .
Come Emilia ! Your father is waiting for you .
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience .
Waiter needed .
Excuse me could you please show me your driving licence ?
Where is the police station ?
How much is four times six ?
How much is four times six ?
The set of prime numbers is countable .
Do you like school ?
Do you like school ?
You have to leave .
You have to leave .
In addition to English he speaks German .
Apart from English he speaks German .
I m waiting for my girlfriend .
He is not here .
She could not refrain from tears .
My parents don t know .
I studied for more than two hours and afterward I went to bed .
Do I have to write a letter ?
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic .
Tom isn t accustomed to walking barefooted .
Tom isn t accustomed to walking barefooted .
She is lacking in common sense .
He is lacking in common sense .
Don t worry . She doesn t understand German .
It s really awesome .
He doesn t have any knowledge about American democracy .
I already apologized .
She has no real friends .
He had the right idea .
I will go to Australia by train .
I ve forgotten his name .
Stand up .
The prevention of forest fires is everyone s responsibility .
I teach Chinese .
I was glad at the news .
An hour has sixty minutes and a minute has sixty seconds .
I have done everything I was supposed to do .
Please come home as quickly as possible .
The Beatles consisted of four musicians .
What is your advice ?
I like to take things apart to see what makes them tick .
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution .
I haven t seen him for a very long time .
The students are talking about language and culture .
Bye !
Bye !
Our plane took off exactly on time at six .
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not .
What am I to do now ?
What should be done ?
Life is like licking honey off a cactus .
Dennis can be very wild sometimes .
It is clear that the Americans can t even solve their own problems so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world s problems ?
This girl is always smiling but she s not happy .
His daily behavior is not consistent with his principles .
Brian left his belongings behind .
Who saw the funeral today ?
I am pronouncing Chinese words .
This story is true .
I like that person .
Is laughter a quality of man only ?
He was moved to tears when he heard the news .
Only adults may watch that film .
These pants fit me well .
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy .
Hope is a little voice whispering maybe when it seems the entire world is shouting no !
I owe it you that I am still alive .
Tom doesn t think this is a coincidence .
It seems very interesting .
There s no need to be polite with this kind of person .
This man is not reliable .
They found out .
Even though my friend was a vegetarian I didn t tell him that the soup had some meat in it .
Words fly texts remain .
Tom had to go himself .
Your answer is wrong .
Welcome to our home .
He is fluent in French .
He speaks French fluently .
Madonna is able to sing .
She showed him the photo .
They all envied my new car .
He knows how to cut the engine .
When was the last time you cut the engine ?
He knows how to read Chinese .
You re not dogs .
It s been a while . How are you ?
I will study English at home .
She doesn t have the ticket .
She does not have a ticket .
Luckily she won a scholarship .
Your opinion is very important to us .
Mr . Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany .
How is it going ?
How are you doing ?
How s it going ?
How are you ?
How re you doing ?
I never touch beer .
You all right ?
Tom isn t a fool .
If you ever come back to me I ll never treat you badly again .
I m afraid he won t be here until .
Mr . Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany .
Do you cook by gas or electricity ?
Do you cook by gas or electricity ?
Don t cry .
I have little money with me .
I trust him .
My eyes feel itchy .
She is a British citizen but she was born in France .
This isn t good .
You made me laugh .
Have you ever written a blog ?
My notebook is pink .
We need more workers .
I have never been to Germany .
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased but I think he s just a guy with no opinion of his own .
Thanks for your advice .
She should be there now because she left an hour ago .
She left an hour ago so she should ve arrived by now .
It rained today so he can t come anymore .
It s raining but never mind I can still go .
I m a dog .
Do you have any idea what they re talking about ?
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech .
Get down here !
I m currently a teacher at this school .
Every Jack has his Jill .
Do you know the boy in the picture ?
Do you have any idea when the bank closes ?
I didn t literally translate from English into Japanese .
We know it s difficult but please don t translate literally .
You ve cut my hair too short .
I think you will find it convenient to put a short cut on the desktop .
Hey that rhymes !
I admit that I was careless .
He was drowned .
You ought to ask him for advice .
It depends on the context .
I don t like you anymore .
You understand me .
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do .
The passengers all went aboard the ship .
I hope he comes tomorrow .
My whole body itches .
Have you ever eaten a banana pie ?
I ve changed my website s layout .
He s sleeping like a baby .
Goodbyes are always sad .
I suggest that we go out on Friday .
Could you please repeat that ?
I need your advice .
Take good care of yourself .
If we knew what we were doing it wouldn t be called research would it ?
I m innocent .
I m not guilty .
I love life .
I am really tired of living .
You need to reboot your computer .
You need to reboot your computer .
You need to reboot your computer .
I don t have enough RAM .
I don t like myself .
The cellphone came with several applications already pre installed .
He should apologize for being rude to the guests .
It s a good deal .
Do you like rap ?
I m going to take my car .
He doesn t look his age .
There isn t any solution .
It s well done .
I was expecting it !
I don t expect anything from you .
Why aren t you coming with us ?
He came several times .
I m going to take a bath .
I have to give back the book before Saturday .
Would you like to come ?
Make yourself at home .
You took the wrong key .
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy .
I talked to friends .
He is the last man to steal .
Why are you arguing with the manager ?
It s a trap !
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences ?
Can you swim underwater ?
I don t care for Alice .
Tom has never been on time .
It s absolutely impossible for me to go on like this .
I remember this word .
Why are you burning these pictures ?
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C .
Sixty four bit software will not run on bit architecture .
I ve started Android programming .
I m developing an Android application .
Do you know how to use these command line tools ?
I would like to buy a present for my wife . I thought about a scarf .
There are many lakes in the area where you live .
It s hard to find a suitable translation .
Data compression algorithms can be classified in two categories those with data loss and those without data loss .
I want you to tell me the truth .
I am disgusted with him .
How much money do you have hidden under your bed ?
Uh . . .how does this work ?
I am fond of Australian food .
If you want to be credible tell people only what they believe .
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair .
They never give up .
He has made little progress in his English .
Children listen !
I don t like the way she speaks .
He told me he would go to Venice .
Who are those guys ?
I don t agree with him .
Her garden is a work of art .
I don t want to fail my exams .
This place has a mysterious atmosphere .
I would like to retract my previous statement .
Don t underestimate my power .
You ask me to do the impossible .
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States .
You are as tall as I am .
You are no better at remembering things than I am .
Tell me about it !
I have to take medicine .
Where have you been ?
Where were you ?
I am praying in my room .
I have two big brothers .
Some were late .
Tom is the last person I want to see right now .
Tom doesn t know when Mary will leave Boston .
Let me introduce my parents to you .
I ll drive you to the airport .
He s not sure he wants to do this .
It s no use regretting it now .
Do you have a pen ?
Time is up .
She is among the best artists of today .
Don t intrude on her privacy .
He intruded on her privacy .
He pays with a credit card .
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind .
Oh no ! I almost forgot !
You are to come with me .
It ll definitely rain .
You have no sense of direction .
You should pay your rent in advance .
You have to learn standard English .
You are not at all wrong .
You can rely on him .
Nobody s going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down .
You ought to thank him .
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions . For over a thousand years Al Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning and for over a century Cairo University has been a source of Egypt s advancement .
I don t agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English .
I see that he is an able man .
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings .
Julia s native language is Italian .
You must pay attention to his advice .
You should have accepted his advice .
You must build up your courage .
What I want isn t tea but coffee .
Tom helped Mary move the furniture .
They are reading her book .
I ve read many kinds of books .
Can you see ?
Are we done ?
Are there any questions ?
All the desk drawers were empty .
Do you own a gun ?
Come with me now .
I don t want to quit this job .
I don t want to miss my train .
I don t want to go there again .
I had no choice .
I love this song .
I work too much .
These shoes are too tight . They hurt .
She has a daughter who is a pianist .
Where is Mary ?
People tend to look at others with bias .
Tom and Mary have a lot in common .
The price of meat dropped .
His comment was concise and to the point .
I am John .
Many students like to study in the morning .
Look out for the wild dog !
I m afraid of heights .
Note that the maximum doesn t always exist .
I don t like to mix business with pleasure .
You must pay attention to him .
Are you meeting someone here ?
They say that he is an able man .
Can you tell wheat from barley ?
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her .
They had to stay at home all day .
Come as soon as possible .
Tom and Mary are playing beach volleyball .
His name was on the tip of my tongue but I couldn t remember it .
He gave it a new name .
I like this dog .
The fact is I think very important .
I d like a doll a new bicycle . . . . .and peace on earth !
You ought not to make fun of them .
I think I m going crazy .
I am a good boy .
I m a good guy .
Please say that again !
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany .
Tell me who is this young man ?
Where is the book ?
It s not funny .
I have a home .
I think she s an honest woman .
Do we have enough food ?
Just then the bus stopped .
This is a map of the city of Sendai .
This table is wooden .
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary .
Thousands of people rushed to Nome .
I didn t add this sentence .
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates ?
I was unable to go to his birthday party .
Do you know me ?
Are we acquaintances ?
I don t care for wealth and fame .
I am going to watch TV this evening .
Suspenders are safest .
It s not a pig it s a monkey .
China is about twenty five times as large as Japan .
What do you call this insect in English ?
I don t like to use Google Translator .
Welcome to Tatoeba !
You are adding new names to the list aren t you ?
She plays golf every weekend .
I wrote a letter .
She took the book back to the library .
Yesterday the weather was very nice .
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh .
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg .
He has a dog .
I like your room .
I like your city .
She doesn t like people who aren t punctual .
It looks good .
You re in big trouble .
I m not living with him anymore .
Can we save the planet ?
That s a stupid question !
Do you feel lucky ?
Let me help you . Your bag looks very heavy .
This makes me smile to death !
This is very funny !
This makes me laugh to death !
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years .
My sister has a job .
I m always hungry .
Tom is bigger than me .
The thing that left the biggest impression on me in China was the Chinese food .
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn ?
I have two older sisters .
Do good to those who hate you .
Do good to those who hate you .
Do good to those who hate you .
Do good to those who hate you .
As long as you finish eating your food then you can play with your friends .
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens red ones blue ones green ones etc .
Are you speaking to me ?
The investor stole the capital of his client .
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies .
We know who they are .
I cannot write traditional characters but I am fine reading them .
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner .
The balance of payments is the total of all the money coming into a country from abroad less all of the money going out of the country during the same period .
Mr Wood had no sons .
Frankly speaking he s wrong .
She said to herself I am very happy . 
People can t live forever .
Man cannot live forever .
Tom sent me an interesting text .
You may make use of his library .
You can trust him to keep his word .
You should get your hair cut .
You don t have to go to school on Sunday .
Are you a Japanese student ?
Are you a Japanese student ?
What do you want to be when you grow up ?
All you have to do is to take care of yourself .
You look as healthy as ever .
They are at lunch .
I am studying kanji .
My name is Tom .
Where s the cat ?
Where is the cat ?
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news .
I d like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language .
I ve memorized the model number of the charger .
China is an advocate for the Diaoyu Islands sovereignty .
I have a lot of money .
Don t try to pull a fast one on me !
He s always short of money .
I am short of money .
I m short of money .
I learned a lot about Greek culture .
We d like to have some wine .
He had no money .
I had a little fever this morning .
Are you sure you don t want me to go with you ?
I think we are still in Poland !
Last night I was dead drunk and fell asleep without having a bath .
I want to travel around the world .
Idiot !
Dumbass !
Where in Turkey do you live ?
You re working too hard . Take it easy for a while .
Rabbits have long ears and short tails .
Which is larger Japan or England ?
He put the book on the shelf .
She trusts him .
He told me that she was sick .
He advised me not to believe what she says .
He asked me if I knew her telephone number .
He let me leave the room .
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS .
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month .
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook .
It isn t likely that she will come .
Tom gave Mary all the money he had .
Interest on loans is high at present .
The doors on the left side will open .
I hid myself under the bed .
There s someone trapped in the car .
You are a student .
You are a student .
Not a sound was heard in the room .
She can speak Spanish well .
On the th the Chinese government issued a white paper entitled The Diaoyu Islands are China s Inherent Territory .
I cannot fry these eggs . They are rotten .
Be careful what you say Andrea the walls have ears .
I know that downloading music from the internet without paying is wrong but I do it anyway .
He lost his reason when he saw his house burn down .
He left the room in a rage .
Tom asked Mary to marry him .
Why has this happened ?
There is no school today .
A long time ago there lived an old king on a small island .
After all his efforts he also failed this time .
Thank you for the present you gave my son .
Tom doesn t want Mary to go .
Why not ? I d be happy to .
I d be happy to help you .
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I m in New York .
I wish I could go to Japan .
Would you mind if I shut the window ? I have a slight cold .
Excuse me but would you mind if I opened the window ?
I ve heard you ve been sick .
What s this song ? I ve heard it before but I can t remember the name .
Save the rainforest !
He worked all day yesterday .
Mother bought me a new bicycle .
I don t like these sweets .
I m content with my salary .
She wants to live in the city .
I don t like teachers who like students who don t like asking questions .
You didn t say anything .
You said nothing .
I just want a clear answer .
You can use this phone .
You can use that phone .
I need a new car .
We re just friends .
I was too tired to care for anything but bed .
I sold the house to advantage .
Tom didn t feel like eating lunch .
I sent you an e mail .
This book is mine .
I waited for him till ten .
My birthday approaches .
I don t speak Spanish .
I don t have any money in my pockets .
When do you come and see me ?
I think you re the most beautiful girl I ve ever seen .
When I was in college I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok . These days if I forget my smartphone I m screwed !
Will this stuff jeopardize my health ?
Don t worry !
My mother tongue is Japanese .
What is the book about ?
She is never late for school .
Tom isn t here .
She read the book all night .
Christmas is only a few days away .
What languages are spoken in America ?
There s a book about dancing on the desk .
She s been absent from school for five days .
That s the reason he became angry .
The beach is an ideal place for children to play .
In he left England and he never returned .
In he left England never to return .
No hobby is as cheap as reading nor provides such long lasting enjoyment .
The fuel gauge is broken .
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock .
The sports world should at this time eliminate the collusion with criminal organizations .
The boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates .
The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase .
You ll find both of the books interesting .
She took advantage of my ignorance .
John is clever .
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine .
I feel like singing in the rain .
I m a nurse .
There should be something for us to talk about .
He wrote me a long letter .
Tom gave up all hope .
How did such a strange thing come about ?
He acted like he owned the place .
She picked up beautiful stones .
I go to bed early at night .
I go to bed early at night .
I didn t go to the party because I was sick .
Tom maintained his innocence .
I m a light sleeper .
How wide is it ?
The door locks automatically .
Scientists seem to have known the truth .
Tom can t drive a car yet .
She will get along with my grandmother .
She probably can get along well with her mother in law .
I came I saw I conquered .
Tom drew a straight line on the paper .
Tom asked Mary about John .
Are you happy ?
I think of him as one of my good friends .
Tom did a cartwheel .
Tom talked with Mary all night .
The story concluded abruptly .
A hot bath and then bed .
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash .
What is written on the road sign ? ONE WAY .
My father went to Hong Kong on business .
Tom was mugged .
Let s start right away .
Compare your answers with the teacher s .
Are you going to sing here ?
How old will you be next year ?
I would like to go to the concert with you .
You or I will be chosen .
The sky was completely dark .
There is a hole in your sock .
I want a few empty glasses .
Banks open at nine o clock .
You can see a lot of stars in the sky .
Eating fish is good for your health .
Don t go to extremes .
Happy Moon Festival !
This poem was written last night .
She s dieting .
He s a DJ .
I have just finished eating .
You must be joking !
I trust you .
Have a good weekend .
Stay and have a drink with us .
Everyone say cheese .
I think you re jealous .
Let s write in turns .
All his sentences are short .
Close the door and open the window !
She is constantly in and out of hospital .
He asked me if I was busy .
He asked me whether I was busy .
It s not that I don t like your English but for me it s important to use every opportunity to practise Russian .
The sky cleared up soon after the storm .
Mid Autumn Day is a traditional holiday in China .
On Mid Autumn Day families gather eat moon cake together and watch the moon .
She phoned her husband to come immediately .
I would have liked to come with you but I didn t have time .
He absconded with the money .
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital .
John ignored my advice .
Christopher Columbus wasn t an explorer because he loved the sea . He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails .
I ll need at least three days to translate that thesis .
Generally speaking boys can run faster than girls .
Tom could only understand a little French then .
We saw the tower in the distance .
Who do you love ?
Have you lost weight ?
A soccer team consists of eleven players .
He stole my watch .
I live in Yokohama .
What kind of people do you like best ?
The mountain is not as high as Mt . Fuji .
The child was paralyzed with fear .
She adores her older brother .
There are more than languages in the world .
There are more than languages in the world .
Teachers also make mistakes .
Hi ! Do you work here ?
Ania is interested in computers .
He is too shy to talk to girls .
She talks a lot .
It was cold so we lit a fire .
What s your favorite French wine ?
Laws are like cobwebs which may catch small flies but let wasps and hornets break through .
Tomorrow I will ask him .
He likes not only baseball but football as well .
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction .
I owe him yen .
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case .
He who helps others in turn shall be helped by them .
He received a golden watch as a prize .
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence .
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow ?
What s the sense of working so hard ?
You have to overcome the difficulties .
You have to overcome the difficulties .
To tell the truth I don t really like her .
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday .
Tom doesn t agree with Mary at all .
Are you a Filipino ?
He has earned a lot of money .
He promised to be here at .
He lay injured on the ground .
Tom died of a drug overdose .
His condition got worse every day .
Smokers are a bunch of idiots .
Please wash it .
He acts quickly .
This cloth irons well .
The report is utterly false .
There are no taxis so I must walk .
I don t want dinner .
Where do they live ?
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident .
She cannot have told a lie .
I got up early so as to be in time for the train .
She is busy learning English .
Mary and John both can t swim .
I hear you wanted to see me ?
I like math least of all .
This factory s productive capacity is cars a week .
He regained consciousness and was able to talk .
Don t get angry .
She didn t say even one word to me .
There s no one but me here .
I don t know how I should do it .
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about .
Please don t interrupt me .
I love my daughter .
What are you going to do with your first pay ?
He is only someone s stooge .
This rose is very beautiful .
She was born in a remote village in Nepal .
Tom doesn t know what to say .
These two are standing abreast .
I can t remember when he moved to Boston .
I m sure it wouldn t be too hard to find out who hacked into our system .
She doesn t have enough experience .
Tom is reading a book .
That young man is our teacher .
He soon got used to the new surroundings .
She is the most boring girl I ever knew .
Not every country belongs to the U .N .
There are many cultures on Earth .
May I borrow this CD ?
He must succeed to his father s business .
How beautiful you are !
He has a good school record .
Is there something you want to get off your chest ? Come on you can tell me .
He cried Help ! 
She wants to know who sent the flowers .
He s three years older than her .
She s absent because she s sick .
Help me with my homework please .
Danger ! High voltage .
She laughed the way schoolgirls do with her hand over her mouth .
Caution ! Wet Paint
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings .
Tom doesn t know whether Mary likes him or not .
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party .
My idea went against his .
Thanks for the invite .
Does John want to see a Korean movie ?
Albania wants to join the European Union .
You ll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train .
Wounds heal as time passes .
Only six people came to the party .
It s a little scary .
It s a weapon .
He lived a simple life .
She used to love him .
He had a certain charm .
I will tell him about it when he comes next time .
Do you come here often ?
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better .
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden .
I am not accustomed to walking long distances .
To all appearances she is healthy .
I think I will take a vacation this week .
I am ready .
I m ready .
I am allergic to pollen .
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel .
I thought that Tom was kind .
There are many jobs available in the computer industry .
You have a big nose .
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head .
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina .
I want to forget her .
Could I have a cup of coffee ?
German is not as difficult as Icelandic .
You are busy now aren t you ?
The moon doesn t have light of its own .
What s your favorite brand of yogurt ?
Excuse me for interrupting you but would you mind opening the window ?
Tom is clearing the garden .
Have you finished eating your lunch ?
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning .
To whom did you give the book ?
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat .
You have only to ask him if he d like to join us .
His room is always tidy .
Cabbage can be eaten raw .
They released the prisoner .
She came to see us yesterday .
I feed my dog once a day .
You re right in a sense .
Can you help me with the washing up ?
Tom sat silently for minutes .
Are you excited ?
Tom and Mary went deer hunting .
I painted the fence green .
The longer we waited the more impatient we became .
That country abounds in oil .
I want to have fun .
I like classical music more than modern music .
If you study earnestly you can expect to pass the exam .
These two lines cut across each other at right angles .
I got out of the car at th Street .
She seems to devote all her effects to her career .
My wallet has been stolen .
He was too tired to walk any farther .
You have to trust me .
I got my right leg injured .
I can t make out what the man is saying .
Please get into the car .
I really am sorry .
Tom and Mary live under the same roof .
I ve noticed that having fun doesn t interfere at all with your studies . I just can t .
Every student was asked one question .
When is school over ?
There s no toilet paper .
Please bring me two pieces of chalk .
Don t blame it on her .
We suspect him of telling a lie .
It may indeed be a mistake .
Does your friend speak Esperanto ?
I have not more than ten books .
His hands were covered with mud .
The government will provide interest free loans to firms that participate in the program .
I m washing the dishes .
Today I turn four years old .
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him .
She s busy now and can t speak to you .
She s busy now and can t talk with you .
She s busy now and can t speak to you .
She s busy now and can t talk with you .
Even if it rains the game will be played .
We have five days to go before the summer vacation .
We have five days to go before the summer vacation .
Tom treated Mary like a slave .
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle .
This is an instructive book .
Have you already booked our seats on a plane ?
Shall we go and eat ?
They are satisfied with the contract .
She believes her son is still alive .
I asked her to dance .
Tom has a bad reputation .
We ll talk about this in detail later .
I know nothing about music .
They assemble planes .
The economic situation grew worse .
Don t let them fool you .
She was cooking dinner at that time .
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach ?
What did you find ?
It cost me yen to repair my bicycle .
He was granted permission to leave early .
I feel well today .
The report proved true as a result of their investigation .
Swimming in the pond is dangerous .
She s been in the hospital for a month .
My friends started the trip three days ago .
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten .
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability .
This room is not big .
She wants to go out with him .
I watched the basketball game on TV .
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples .
I ve just finished writing a letter .
Who took care of the dog while you were away ?
I m waiting for the train .
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery .
I greet my teacher on the street .
We were waiting for the shop to open .
They attained their goal .
Suzanne is two years older than me .
They are taking a walk .
He was known to the English as King Philip .
Is this ticket good for this bus ?
A century is one hundred years .
I m not allowed to drink alcohol .
When do I get started ?
When should I start ?
They sell everything here .
Truer words were never spoken .
Tom bought a lottery ticket .
I didn t understand what you said .
I ll miss you very much .
We broadcast news on the hour .
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness .
I love watching basketball .
Whose book is this on the desk ?
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words within our borders and around the world .
The old bridge is in danger of collapse .
Do you think he still wants to marry me ?
He is actually not the manager .
Koalas can only be seen in Australia .
Tom doesn t live near his office .
I am unable to walk as fast as he can .
His age didn t enter into our decision not to employ him .
Can you make out what he is trying to say ?
Can you make out what he is trying to say ?
I am tired of my monotonous life .
He looked me over from head to foot .
You should take a day off .
I thought I told you that you should get to the concert early .
I can never make my son to eat any vegetables .
You really shouldn t use pirated software .
He looked asleep but he was really dead .
What are you guys drinking ?
I am still waiting to be told what happened .
Give it to me .
I m not your mother .
I m not your father .
I m not your daughter .
I m not your son .
Why don t we go to the bookstore on foot ?
If you stand on this stool you can reach the top of the closet .
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth enlightenment and death of the Buddha .
The weather is forecast scientifically .
I am anxious about your health .
He won t be easily discouraged because he s a tough guy .
I cannot calculate this . I am not an engineer .
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother s arms .
Is it free ?
You ll have to study harder from now on .
This book is easy enough for a five year old child to read .
Are you seriously thinking about not going ?
That is a hotel .
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever .
If that were true what would you do ?
Tom just does what he s told to do .
I understood what she said .
California is about as large as Japan .
I hope it will be the only one .
How many worms did you find ?
Marc regrets his mistake .
Mary has already left on her trip .
Tom couldn t understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo .
She s running from home .
I never dreamed that there would be a typhoon .
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn t passed the exam .
The first term starts in April .
I want to be a nurse .
I feel flattered .
Teenagers often wear strange clothes .
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last .
I don t doubt that he will help me .
Australia is the largest country in Oceania .
I love autumn .
Do you think I m qualified for that job ?
I d like more detailed information .
My heart beat when I heard my name called .
Help me find an empty room for myself .
Tom bought a gift for Mary .
Tom confessed that he had stolen the money .
She s not old enough to get a driver s license .
His life is in danger .
This sword has a strange history .
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen .
Tom didn t sleep very well last night .
We organized a project team .
As was the custom in those days he married young .
The car broke down so they had to walk .
At a rough estimate I would say the job will take two weeks .
There are few mistakes in your composition .
How can I deactivate my account on this site ?
There was something written on the stone and they tried to make out what it was .
She smokes excessively .
 Michael is a man s name but Michelle is a lady s name .
No one can deprive of your human rights .
Can it be that you don t have a bit of creativity to the point of always inventing the same apology ?
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother .
She introduced me to him at the party .
Do you know the girl standing by the window ?
Tokyo as you know is one of the financial centers of the world .
I know a good lawyer who can help you .
There s no doubt that he likes taking walks .
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch .
She often eats breakfast there .
This book will be of great use to you .
Tom can t move this bookcase without a little help .
She may be cute but I don t like her .
I m not your mother .
I m not your mother .
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife .
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday .
Can you pass me that thingamajig ?
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult .
I took advantage of an opportunity .
This car is going to break down .
Mark your maximum efforts .
The crowd is going nuts .
Japanese people are considered to be polite .
The demand is huge .
Tom can t even write his own name .
They eat meat once a week .
The bicycle is racing to finish .
My roommate is too talkative .
He died when he was years old .
We were all amused with the comedy .
What does she think about my car ?
The shop is just in front of the station .
It is unfair .
I never dreamed that I would win first prize .
This is my old bicycle .
She went to the station to see her teacher off .
You are on the wrong plane .
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard .
Man eats to live he does not live to eat .
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts .
I am reading short stories .
We admired the beauty of the scenery .
We should judge matters on a broader basis .
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table .
Tatoeba We ve got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime .
How many of you will there be ?
The average man fails not because he lacks ability but because he lacks ability to concentrate .
They vacationed in France last year .
We had little rain last month .
I buy a videotape .
However some people in the audience were not pleased with the results .
Exercise outdoors .
I know all that .
As far as I know he is the shortest student in this school .
No it isn t possible .
We associate Egypt with the Nile .
We ate way too much last night .
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face .
There are many stores on either side of the street .
Prices continued to rise .
Were you at home last night ?
Tom must be from Boston .
The book is full of far flung theories without any basis in scientific fact .
He has to support his mother and his sister .
The truth will clear soon .
The judgement went against him .
Let s take a minute break .
For how long did the Maya culture flourish ?
This is the first time I ve ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself .
Pay what you want .
I walked around aimlessly .
Why does the phone have to ring all the time only when I m busy ? I can t get any work done because of it .
Please take off your shirt .
I d rather go hungry than eat this .
Tom didn t have lunch .
Tom skipped lunch .
I received my birthday present .
I went out in spite of the rain .
There are no less than five hundred students here .
There are no less than five hundred students here .
He took a glance at the girl .
When he saw a policeman coming he began to run like anything .
This room is very warm .
A day full of sunshine and a heart full of wishes . . .
He admits being involved in the scandal .
Do not translate this sentence !
Tomorrow I m going to Shanghai .
I m going to buy some things with you .
I work here .
The scenery of the city reminded me of London .
I don t really like Xiaomi phones and I think that they re for losers . They re like knock offs .
There are two major political parties in the United States the conservative Republican Party and the liberal Democratic Party .
His jokes really slay me .
He ate all of it .
I have lost my cap .
Do you have any information on classical music concerts ?
In case of an emergency get in touch with my agent right away .
It is a matter of principle with him to answer your questions honestly .
Fire !
I m Finnish .
Don t worry .
Do you have children ?
I ve lost my pen .
Let go of him !
The colour is a bit too dark .
Do you have one a little bigger than these ?
I want to change the world .
I still believe in love .
I want to dance .
Baseless speculations .
Could you please tell me again who your father is ?
It is just noon .
He is absorbed in the study of Latin .
The movie was less funny than the book .
I can t swallow these tablets without a drink of water .
The radio was invented by Marconi .
My mother gave me her sewing machine .
He concentrated on his studies .
This story is based on actual events .
We should take into account she is still young .
I am going to enquire at the service desk if there are any restaurants around here .
I really just want to make friends .
He seemed worried about his health .
He does not have the money for buying a new car .
He can t afford to buy a new car .
Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me ?
You are really very productive today .
I have already completed out of tasks on my to do list today .
I can t think of anything to say .
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away .
Did you play tennis yesterday ?
I didn t sleep well last night so I have little energy today .
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated causing Taiwanese exports to slump .
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated causing Taiwanese exports to slump .
It started again !
I only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers .
The only solution is to escape .
I called at Nancy s house on my way home from school .
They are always at each other s throats .
The man swimming in the river is my friend .
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella .
Tom eats the same food day in and day out .
The electricity came on again in a few minutes .
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear .
Can you swim as fast as he can ?
The old woman fell and could not get up .
I m working right now .
Tom didn t show up for work today .
We lived from hand to mouth in those days .
I want to lose weight .
The golf course is completely deserted . There is not a single person !
I am the best .
I m the best .
Today I walked kilometers .
Holy cow !
In the hands of a skilled designer any two colors can go well together .
I want to buy .
I am off today .
He couldn t wait to try out his new surfboard .
This city is cold and lonely without you .
Everybody had a hard time .
You d better go to bed at once .
Foreigners are interesting aren t they ?
Have any letters arrived for me ?
I prefer to forget the past .
I know you don t want to talk to me .
When his food supply ran short he had to look for a new place to live .
Spanish is much easier than German .
It is your business to take care of them .
I thought that you wanted to see me .
The boy was very sharp at physics .
Would you like a little more salad ?
She s good at bargaining the price down .
The news left me uneasy .
I would often take part in an English speech contest in my school days .
As you are tired you had better rest .
Her face turned red suddenly .
Draw a straight line here .
Thank you for baking this delicious cake .
Could you put it in plain language ?
Don t you think it s strange that he s not here ?
Turning to the right you will find the city hall in front of you .
The back seat of the car will hold three passengers .
My family is still working so they can t go to Texas right away .
Is it OK if we don t go to Costco this time ?
Who was it that broke the window yesterday ?
Even a child can read this .
Give me a chance !
You seem to be an honest man .
You must clear the table .
You work hard .
You don t know how worried I am .
You must do your best .
You look very charming today .
You seem to be an honest man .
You are the master of your own destiny .
You must come back before nine o clock .
You can get a loan from a bank .
You broke the rule .
You ve done a perfect job .
Do you know if he has a girlfriend ?
Tom denied that he had ever met Mary .
The moment she was alone she opened the letter .
Tom didn t want to work with Mary .
When it comes to sweets I just can t control myself .
We re willing to help you .
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems .
He told me that she will not tell him what happened to me on the day he saw me talking about the story about the girl who got killed .
His eyes betrayed his fear .
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs .
I was told to go not by boat but by plane which advice I followed .
What do we eat tonight ?
He will be my deputy while I am away .
The rich sometimes despise the poor .
I am ashamed of your despicable deed .
My boss detained me more than minutes .
The artist is eternally a boy .
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden .
It is true that he is young but he is very reliable .
I ve got my friend on the line right now .
I met him just now .
I suggested that we should go to the movies .
There was a large crowd in the park .
Mike is the team s captain .
No one voted against it .
My father grew old .
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat .
He hid it behind the door .
The lights aren t on .
Tom worries a lot about money .
Young as he is he is a good doctor .
It s not quite certain .
What kind of woman do you think I am ?
I don t think that he s honest .
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge .
What s your favorite item of clothing ?
Roll the ball to me .
Bring me a sheet of paper please .
The driver said that the first bus starts at a .m .
There is a man at the door who wants to see you .
I held my breath and waited .
You only started this job an hour ago .
I m only going to write small sentences without commas .
I wonder why John is always late for school .
I hope you will answer me soon .
I knew you d come .
So far we have been quite successful .
You have to give three months rent as a deposit .
 May I use this telephone ? Go ahead . 
Do you know how to use a computer ?
Nothing could stop him .
It wasn t our fault . . . We all had to do it .
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded .
The letter will arrive in a week or so .
He was proud of his daughter .
One night he came home very tired and sad .
The television doesn t work .
Jackson fell from his horse .
He is always with me .
She spends her leisure time making dolls .
Who is this boy ?
I can t really read her .
Go up the stairs .
Lend me some money if you have any .
Please continue with your story .
You are responsible for the result .
It s not practical .
All at once I heard a cry .
Suddenly I heard shouting .
He can t even read let alone write .
My mother s going to kill me .
Tom thought he heard some gunshots .
The train left before they got to the station .
He spoke with a Taiwanese accent mixed in .
You can believe him . He s not an untrustworthy person .
I finally feel appreciated .
On what grounds are you arresting me ?
She lives nearby .
I am pretty pleased with you .
He s Taro s younger brother .
It s not something I m very good at .
With her help my French improved little by little .
The birds flew to the south .
Tom can t find Mary .
What time do you start work ?
You don t have to answer quickly .
It is so early .
I don t think she cares very much .
The police will look into the case .
I didn t expect that result .
No one lived on the island at that time .
Sales should double this year .
I m a citizen of the world .
The truth can be more painful than a lie .
What time will you get to the station ?
What will you have ?
You are too ready to speak ill of others .
You have a good sense of humor .
You are no longer a mere child .
How many months have you been pregnant ?
The country had been devastated by long war .
You guys having fun ?
Cats can climb trees but dogs can t .
Where did you shake hands with them ?
A vector is a unit vector if its norm is .
Ask Tom .
I can t locate the source of the problem .
You seem to have mistaken me for my elder brother .
She turned down every proposal .
She has been absent since last Wednesday .
The failure in business left me penniless .
Don t speak unless you have something worth saying .
Your plan requires a large amount of money .
 Tom isn t here . Then where is he ? 
We should all help provide starving people with food .
Tom would you please give these starving people something to eat ?
It caught me by surprise .
He rolled his eyes .
Is this fake ?
I m sorry about last night .
We should all help provide starving people with food .
It s because I love her .
I owe her one .
They must be Americans .
I advised him to be independent of his parents .
It was a national scandal .
I got hurt today .
What is the capital of the United States ?
My health is my only capital .
Telephone him if the message is important .
Mary told John the secret .
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage .
Can you wrap it up for me ? It s a gift .
I am going to Osaka station .
She asked us if we would like to cook .
Have you told her mother ?
Have you told his mother ?
Have you already been to the Korean Peninsula ?
This is the house in which the prime minister lives .
Kate did her homework in the kitchen .
Tom saved her from the fire .
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus .
Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before .
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn t ask him anything .
Tom knocked him down .
Tom recommended the novel to them .
Tom is liked by his friends .
Tom will be scolded by his father .
Tom is as tall as any student in his class is .
Tom thanked me for the gift .
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car .
Tom is tall and likewise strong .
Tom is in bed with a fever .
Tom received a heavy blow on the head .
Tom told us that he had a headache .
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night .
Tom is interested in mountaineering .
Tom has less money than his brother does .
Tom has less money than his brother does .
Tom called to her across the street .
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously .
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip .
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station .
Tom is ill at ease among strangers .
Tom attached the string to the kite .
Tom is not a lazy boy . As a matter of fact he works hard .
Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life .
Tom can run fast .
Tom is head and shoulders above others .
Tom broke the window pane .
Tom expected to leave early in the morning but he overslept .
Tom never used to smoke but he does now .
Tom is more clever than honest .
As Tom is honest I like him .
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie .
What s your favorite season of the year ?
Ken already went to England .
This is a great moment .
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone .
What do you think Tom s waist size is ?
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes .
To my surprise he easily came up with a plan .
This car is the latest model .
He doesn t trust the doctor any more .
He has access to the American Embassy .
I think she s interested in you .
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited .
Smoking is strictly prohibited .
Parking is prohibited here .
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit .
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit .
Tom became a hero .
She has a gift for prophecy .
Lignite is a fossil fuel .
They water the fruit trees .
Every step in the experiment was deliberate .
I didn t do anything .
Who s your favorite DJ ?
This is not a spider it s a monster !
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework .
A wooden building can easily catch fire .
The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood .
He cured my illness .
He is sure to succeed .
I haven t decided whether to study at university or to get a job .
That movie is worth seeing .
He is free from pride .
He s a friend of my brother s .
Poor health prohibited him from traveling .
Please wait until the end of this month .
I always get nervous just before a match .
We are all longing for peace in the world .
In Japan it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid June until mid July .
It is very hot in the summer in Japan .
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor .
I speak English every day .
See you later .
He makes three times more money than I do .
He earns three times more than me .
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable .
You shouldn t say that kind of thing when children are around .
You look just like your older brother .
You don t get up as early as your sister do you ?
The economy is picking up .
My eyesight is getting worse .
Why do you want to be a nurse ?
Why do you want to become a nurse ?
The police accused him of theft .
I don t eat chicken skin .
Silk is very precious .
She is at work right now .
Turn on the radio .
 Is he going to swim tomorrow ? Yes he is . 
I don t understand German at all .
Good morning !
Our baby cannot talk yet .
This is the house where I live .
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom .
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom .
He has books galore .
Peace to his ashes !
Nobody wants you to do that .
Tony speaks English as well as you do .
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children .
I thought I was dreaming .
He was arrested for abusing public funds .
Give me the number .
Happy Mother s Day !
Yukiko likes potatoes .
I don t want to live my life in fear .
Why do you study every day ?
I told her what should be done .
His house is somewhere about here .
He still loves her .
The more public the work the more criticism you receive .
He s absent minded .
We have to do our best .
This is my bag .
He commanded me to leave the room immediately .
From the time he got up his beliefs began to sway .
No students went there yesterday .
I want to give Mom a plant .
I want to give mum a plant .
French is my mother tongue .
No problem at all !
No problem at all !
No problem at all !
No problem !
I took Ann for her sister .
I would like to go to sleep now .
I m surprised that you don t know about their marriage .
I don t like being made a fool of .
How was your summer ?
That won t work !
I would like to play golf .
I was getting ready to go out . At that time the telephone rang .
Go get some water .
When you go to play at a friend s house you need to be well behaved and obedient .
I could have done better if I had had more time .
Are you underage ?
Are you underage ?
Are you sure about this ?
There seemed to be no answer to the problem .
You forgot to turn off the light .
Gestures are very important in human communication .
He came by car .
Playing baseball is a sport and climbing mountains is a sport too .
Do you have enough food ?
He studied very hard .
Tom got in the car and started the engine .
I don t feed my dog in the morning .
It is a serious problem .
Can you see the difference ?
How can I get to the hospital by bus ?
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is .
Unfortunately I must decline your invitation .
This story was written by my friend .
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don t know very well .
I am proud of my father .
Oh I was disconnected .
She loves Tom not me .
I was very impressed by his story .
I can t believe Tom is really planning to do this .
Why did you not go to the office ?
Don t leave me alone !
Would it suffice if I came around ?
The first item he bought was an alarm clock .
She really wants to go .
Just at that time the bus stopped .
Do you study at a private school ?
Do you go to a private school ?
Are you a student of a private high school ?
She went on working .
Tom is hiding a terrible secret .
Don t underestimate me .
Do you know anything about Tom s parents ?
May I borrow your knife ?
He runs in the park every day .
No way !
That female student is American .
How you can abide him ?
I cannot abide to see such cruelty .
He had lost all faith in his ability to succeed .
I m tired .
I am in Rome now .
Please translate this text from Japanese to French .
If he hadn t wasted time he d be finished by now .
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner .
The party has been put off until next Tuesday .
Food and drink are material needs .
Where are you planning to spend the night ?
There is a pen .
Did you buy some flowers ?
Horses eat grass .
There is someone looking for you .
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important .
Do you speak Turkish ?
Does the lady speak Turkish ?
Who is Emily ?
She s in the kitchen .
Optimism is merely a lack of information .
Do we know you ?
You are free to do as you please with your money .
He preferred working to doing nothing .
He didn t listen to music .
He s your friend .
Many attended his funeral .
No one of us is immortal .
My father will kill me .
If you don t hurry you ll miss the train .
I m crazy .
I m not crazy .
What can I do to help you ?
He doesn t want you to tell him about your sex life .
He doesn t want you to tell him about your sex life .
The workflow is illustrated in the following chart .
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat .
Please speak slowly .
Please speak slowly .
I m a foreigner and I don t know Czech very well . Please speak slowly .
The lake is deep here .
The fact is that he didn t even take the exam .
Nicholas and Maria love each other .
I think I understood .
He was hired away by a rival company .
I envy him .
We should abolish the death penalty .
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years .
How many people are there in your family ?
How many people are in your family ?
I thought I was doing it your way .
There was no malice intended in what she said .
Rub n is the father of three children .
The storm abated .
The storm didn t abate for several hours .
He objected to his wife working outside .
I m considering studying in America next year .
Look at the sky .
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house .
They are the same age .
And you know why ? Because of cats .
I said to myself That s a good idea . 
Where did you guys go ?
Aren t you surprised by his answer ?
He was mad because he was not invited .
You should know what to read .
Where can I find them ?
Oh sure .
She s a patient woman .
Ken keeps two cats .
His speech was short and to the point .
She said to her husband Stop ! .
He likes sleeping .
He is afraid of snakes .
He s afraid of snakes .
We will take part in the marathon .
Don t meddle in his affairs .
This bird s large wings enable it to fly very fast .
I didn t see him .
Life is like a game of chess .
Did Dorenda really come back ? !
Are you still at home ?
Are you still at home ?
We are poor but we are happy .
Aren t you supposed to be at school today ?
You have plenty of time .
I heard that he d died .
Houses here are double the price of those in Kobe .
She is always afraid of being a klutz when going to parties .
Are you still a virgin ?
There is no point in pretending to be sick .
When an Uyghur met a Belarusian what language did the two speak to each other ?
A slight cold prevented me from going to Ibusuki with my family .
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba !
Uyghur is a Turkic language .
Daniel looks like an Uyghur .
Not only did he refuse to help me but also he scolded me .
He s the laziest person I know .
He s the laziest person I know .
I have to introduce Mary to the manager .
Why did you tell this joke ?
She has a big butt .
He was sick of eating candy .
Totoro says I can t speak Chinese . 
He sat next to the stream .
I had never heard about Lviv before .
I do not allow sleeping in class .
It s already .
There are seven continents on the earth .
Switzerland is a beautiful country .
When does the game begin ?
I like to eat lamb kebabs .
We have to make a close analysis of the accident .
Listening to the personal analysis about global economy made by people who watch only CCAV has always been kinda funny .
I don t expect that they will support my view .
What is the basis of your assumptions ?
Reactionary groups were overthrown by the people .
Tom and Mary are in the same class .
For the first time in her life Yuka finished reading an English book .
He confused us .
I don t have a cellphone anymore .
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls .
Every dog is alive .
This is his plane .
He is a very good teacher .
Can you mend these shoes for me ?
Tom has to go to bed early tonight .
Who is able to explain this to me ?
How come this fucking apartment has no double glazing ? I m freezing .
He plays golf every weekend .
He never said that .
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country .
I don t understand the meaning of this phrase .
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number .
I am stuttering .
Why are you stuttering ?
Tom is stuttering .
Don t stutter !
When she began to stutter her classmates couldn t help laughing .
I m lazy about my hair so I tend to look like a slob .
This isn t a sentence in Chinese !
Are you going to the gym today ?
I need an apple .
I require an apple .
Your room is big .
Your room is very big .
I want it now !
Would you like to eat lunch with me ?
I get tongue tied in front of you .
There s nothing more important than friendship .
Nothing is more important than friendship .
I can t remember who I gave it to .
You ve fallen in love with me ?
I m going to mow the lawn tomorrow weather permitting .
Keep in touch !
Let s not beat around the bush here ! I m pregnant and you re the kid s father .
Let s not beat around the bush ! I m pregnant and you re the baby s father .
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit .
He fell to the floor .
There s a huge number of people there .
Is there anyone else who can answer ?
He came minutes late .
That girl smiled and waved to me .
Don t mistreat small animals !
My father is as busy as ever .
Be careful . He s not an easy one to swindle .
Be on your guard . He s not an easy one to fool .
It s been a while since I ve had a real vacation .
The difference between Earth and the other planets is that Earth has water .
I don t feel like I can trust what he says .
His success is due more to his persistent hard work than to his talent .
She s used to going to the museum on Sundays .
This boy is riding a horse for the first time .
Her husband is currently living in Tokyo .
Do you even know how to smell the flowers ?
Wouldn t it be better if we went and got a coffee ?
I live in Kazakhstan .
There is no such thing as a thornless rose .
That s why I told you that you shouldn t go alone .
Thus I tell you don t just go alone .
 You talk too much he said .
You re certain that you ve never met her before ?
This still applies to him .
Please tell me where I should change trains .
That s a no entry zone .
That area s off limits .
Tom forgot to bring his camera .
I ve spent an entire hour waiting for my friend .
It looks like you re thinking about something else .
I think we d better sing that English song !
He asked me if I was happy or not .
What do you want to do ?
I m from Zambia .
We can t let Tom in on this .
He was the first to help her .
Now that s right .
There isn t a place in this market that isn t lively .
And now here is my secret a very simple secret It is only with the heart that one can see rightly what is essential is invisible to the eye .
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby .
His request is as follows .
Her words gave me hope .
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning .
Beware of pickpockets .
Beware of thieves .
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf .
Ten minutes later our car ran out of gas .
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen .
He held a ball .
He leaned on his elbows .
Tom is on good terms with John .
I don t know who named this dog Pochi .
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier .
He has three brothers .
He has three brothers .
I have a newspaper clipping file .
The tree leaves turned red .
He confessed to the murder .
This guy looks like a fox .
I hope you ll get better soon .
This store is currently selling vegetables .
I found the rare edition that I ve been looking so long for .
Her acute observation skills make her a very suitable photographer .
A country is a dangerous machine .
It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government .
Life s short so I use Python !
I was ashamed to go out in old clothes .
There are four seasons in this country .
Please show me the schedule .
Not all of us were satisfied with the system .
What did you do at that moment ?
I want to climb this mountain .
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal .
I m going to buy some bread .
I can t drink milk .
I can t drink milk .
May I take a photo ?
A user should have freedom with respect to both hardware and software . An operating system should be open not closed .
On the client side very time consuming operations should run asynchronously so as to avoid freezing the browser . The best example is the operation of Ajax .
How can one achieve such brilliant results ?
According to one study Amazon s sales go down by for every millisecond lag in its loading times .
In its graphical representation the normal distribution is a bell shaped curve with the value growing as one moves closer to the middle and decreasing as one moves away .
Most of us have to some extent experienced being caught in a cycle like this one Facing the browser you hit like you always do Ctrl T to open a new tab type in the first letter of the website you always visit and hit enter . . . just to see if anything new has happened .
Person of the future The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January . As such I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth s destruction . 
That book s over here .
You re full of yourself .
As if !
I have diarrhea .
But of course hindsight is .
Junko is a beautiful girl .
Give your passport number and your date of birth .
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive .
Do you have some time ?
I ve never seen you cook . Can you cook anything at all ?
It s hard for foreigners to learn Japanese .
That boy has good brains .
That boy is smart .
That boy is intelligent .
What d I do ?
What d I do ?
Your parents used to really love us .
Someone left their umbrella in the hall .
Tom likes being alone .
Could you tell me your name again ?
Its color is red .
I m going to have a shower .
He believes that he can prove it .
You are not authorized to enter there .
I said I would make her happy .
You ain t seen nothing yet .
Tom went to Boston three years ago .
I ll call you .
I ll give you a ring .
I like reading .
I like to read .
Are you Tom ?
Don t worry we re on our way .
Tom doesn t know the difference between Iraq and Iran .
You can t speak English can you ?
Fear is more harmful than the sharpest of swords .
Big Brother is watching you .
One must have conviction in law or its existence will be superficial only .
An ounce of wit that is bought is worse a pound that is taught .
It hurts to see Mary suffer so .
The more precise the calculations the stronger the friendship .
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten .
This cartographer is famous for the precision in his maps .
This cartographer is famous for the precision in her maps .
Our teacher is someone who likes precision and always demands precise answers of her students .
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word ?
Her life goal is to marry a rich man .
I m someone ambitious someone who knows very well what he is after .
I m someone ambitious someone who knows very well what she is after .
The taller the tree the more likely it is to be struck by lightning .
I aimed at a sparrow but shot down a goose .
Unexpectedly I struck fortune .
Is your mother tongue Chinese ?
A very beautiful picture is hanging on the wall .
It s impossible to get there by noon .
Tom has three cats .
Where do you use Esperanto ?
Where do you speak Esperanto ?
In reality translation is akin to working for peanuts since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other . As a result the translator is forced to search all over . . . Never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool .
He commands the respect of a king .
The poor man has no relatives .
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another .
I often visit my relatives .
We are now in laws seeing as our kids got married .
Because our kids got married we are now in laws .
All of my wife s relatives are my in laws .
Someone locked me in the room .
I always lock my room .
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me .
I don t have any sisters .
Smog was very heavy today .
He set a precedent .
He wound a bandage around the wound .
The bandage was wound around the wound .
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle .
Life is so complicated .
I eat here .
I miss you .
Don t understand .
I have heard the story .
I burned myself with boiling water .
My watch gains one minute a day .
Are you an Arab ?
Don t get me started .
Don t provoke me .
Somewhere in this world there must be an apple that needs me .
What s your hobby ?
What s your favorite beverage ?
This is a miracle .
The atomic bomb is the offspring of th century physics .
You look just like my sister .
You look just like my sister .
Tom s fearless .
She looks young .
He looks young .
My opinion is the same as theirs .
Our country abounds in products .
Be nice to others .
Are you a teacher or a student ?
He forced me to go there .
Good morning .
He looks like a sportsman but he is a writer .
I m a cat .
She spoke Japanese well .
He said that he gets up at o clock every day .
I like eating melons from Hami .
I like eating melons from Kumul .
I like eating Hami melons .
I like eating Kumul melons .
Do you like Japanese food ?
He has bought a banana case .
He bought a banana case .
The word you use depends on your intended meaning .
I hate you !
Taste buds are very useful .
At the library .
They re in math class .
She s trying on a coat .
He s buying apples .
She s going out to buy some things .
The shopping bag that they re carrying .
No I still prefer eating vegetables .
They re at the bar drinking .
They re at the bar drinking beer .
They re at the eatery looking at the menu .
They re at the restaurant looking at the menu .
Eggplant carrot tomato .
He s at the bank exchanging money .
He exchanges money at the bank .
He s at the post office sending a package to a friend .
Three streets as well as a park and a hospital .
It s because he got lost .
In the desert I think .
We should classify them before throwing them out .
Just about everything can be recycled .
Because there s pollution in the cities .
They like the beautiful stars and moon .
She s still single .
She has three children .
She s Brazilian .
They met in Spain seven years ago .
He s Austrian .
Yes Fitzpatrick . He comes from the U .S .
My dear mother .
He wears Chinese style clothes .
Are you a student ?
Have you been well ?
Are the train tickets expensive ?
Is your child a boy or a girl ?
Yes I m a student too .
Erkin likes her too .
We helped them as well .
Regardless of whether you come tomorrow or not let me know .
Whether he studies or goes into business I won t stop him .
I wish everyone luck in the coming year as well as success in their work and studies .
I m amazed at your fluency in English .
Try to explain this .
This river abounds in trout .
What s your favorite way to cook trout ?
He works really hard and his co workers respect him for it .
I m not hungry .
Do you think that chest hair is sexy ?
The island is a paradise for children .
Do you like San Francisco ?
Get on the horse immediately !
The children went to play in the park .
He s a specialist in economics .
This road is under repair .
Have you got this number memorized ?
Have you committed this number to memory ?
What do you want to do tomorrow ?
What do you want to learn ?
Where are your keys ?
I finished buying a dozen eggs .
Are these eggs sold by the dozen ?
Mary wants a dozen eggs .
The apples are sold by the dozen .
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theater ?
That s just useless .
We give him an apple .
I m a foreigner .
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep .
What time is your plane ?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes ?
You ll never be able to revive someone who is only pretending to be dead .
Whose pen is this ?
God does not exist .
He speaks Chinese .
She speaks Chinese .
Just what time period is Hong Fan a product of ? Although people have debated this issue for ages there is still no clear consensus to this day .
How many years have you studied Mandarin for ?
Do you study Mandarin there ?
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat .
Is this jasmine tea ?
Tom does not like this color .
This is something I must face alone .
Are they able to read these words ?
I ve had black rice congee thrice in one day !
Chongqing is a hilly city with winding streets .
How many arms does an octopus have ?
How many arms does a squid have ?
He closed the door .
He shut the door .
This isn t love .
Tom doesn t know whether Mary is happy or not .
Tom doesn t know if Mary is happy or not .
I am Egyptian .
Daddy I love you !
What are you lingering for ? Hurry up and go .
How have you been recently ?
He does not have any friends .
He doesn t have any friends .
The water turned to ice .
I like the way she laughs at my jokes .
Can you translate this song for me ?
I just don t want to marry Tom .
What would you like to be in the future ?
You and I have something in common .
We ve forgiven you .
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class .
Tom seems to be an honest man .
Are you Julius ?
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful .
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful .
Stop trying to play me for a fool !
Don t give me that crap !
I d also like to have a try .
Field hockey is not very popular in China .
Even the air s spicy here .
There isn t a single thing here that isn t spicy .
Neither students nor teachers should ever stop learning .
Mandarin English and Arabic are all examples of the world s most widely spoken languages .
Whether you like it or not we have to do it that way .
The Uyghurs cuisine has all kinds of dishes .
He believes that there is a spy among us .
They decided to fight mano a mano .
You cannot translate the sentence word for word .
Yana lives in London .
Do you want to trade our two sheep one for another ?
The policemen searched one house after another in looking for the thief .
This room s pretty awesome eh ?
Do you want us to call you a taxi ?
How ve ya been lately ?
You ve been well lately ?
How s it going lately ?
Everything s still going well ?
You guys need to go brush your teeth !
She fell in love with her boyfriend s younger brother .
I need your cooperation .
He was extremely happy at having successfully solved the problem .
I ve got a few friends .
She made tea for me .
You re an idiot !
You re an idiot !
Worries are like ghosts those who aren t afraid of them can t suffer at their hands .
Worries are like ghosts those who aren t afraid of them can t suffer at their hands .
I ll go with you when pigs fly .
I ll go with you when the end of the world arrives .
Smoking or health the choice is yours .
How are you getting along with your new classmates ?
I am relieved that you are safe .
Let s just pray it never happens again .
I d like to leave a message for Tom .
What are you going to use this car for ?
This textbook is good .
There is nothing wrong with him .
I filled this glass with milk .
I really want to know her name .
The sun sets in the west .
The boy observed the birds all day .
I m going to shoot him dead .
Tom asked Mary to marry him but she turned down his proposal .
Why do you like Hawaii ?
Is there a TV in your bedroom ?
The woman gave birth to a baby girl .
Thank you for the Christmas gift .
Theory and practice should go hand in hand .
I guess it s only a joke .
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting .
We don t have another choice .
We don t have any other choice .
Well girls it s time to go .
My house looks toward the sea .
Yesterday I saw an old acquaintance whom I hadn t seen in ten years .
He is lying on the bench .
Tom has never been punctual .
I don t want to talk to you Tom .
So what will you do in the afternoon ?
Do you need a car ?
I inspired my students to work harder .
She ll cry even when no one is looking .
My father will possibly come on the next train .
Did you have a good weekend ?
Most students are preparing for the final exams .
 Goodbye she said .
I ve put all of my energy into this plan .
It would appear that you re wrong .
The policeman grabbed the boy s arm .
Many people can t and do not want to make the effort to understand others .
These shoes are too big for me .
What places are you planning to visit in your travels ? And how ? And why ?
I ve got a toothache . I just can t bear this pain anymore .
My father works at a factory .
My father works at the factory .
Is there a discount if you pay in cash ?
He was a very good skier when he was little .
The criminal has not been caught yet .
I brought up two kids all on my own .
My shoulder really aches .
Can you tell those twins apart ?
He was aware that I was around but didn t come to greet me .
I hope that you give this book a read .
How long will you be in Tokyo for ?
Our team lost the first match .
I was entirely bummed out by the results .
As there was no bus I had no choice but to walk .
You re seriously going to eat this ?
You ve got a lot of willpower .
You ve got a strong will .
Can I see the menu please ?
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her .
He jumped out of bed .
In the Spanish calendar the week begins with Monday .
He speaks English with a German accent .
I think of you all the time .
I never see this picture without thinking of my father .
Would you be willing to show me how to do that ?
The teacher pointed out your mistakes .
How do I use chopsticks ?
I am very sad that he has died .
Oh my god ! I ve killed a pregnant woman !
I m out of it .
He doesn t really speak French .
You understand German right ?
You understand German right ?
I want five meatballs .
That s okay .
You yourself belong to this group of people that you re talking about the one that doesn t speak standard Mandarin well .
You can t put toothpaste back in the tube .
Let them learn from us .
When he came to he found himself lying in a small windowless cell .
It s a lot of trouble to write my name because it takes strokes to write both my first and last names .
Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day .
It s spring everywhere in the motherland .
Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day .
You sing songs to me .
We are the Borg .
I m short .
If you used the time you spent complaining practicing your basketball then maybe you would have stopped complaining a long time ago .
The number is unfortunately busy .
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals .
 Thanks guys . Don t mention it . 
I d be delighted if you could come with us .
She fell in love with her boyfriend s older brother .
She fell in love with her friend s younger brother .
She made tea for me .
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader .
A conservative is not always a reactionary .
I want to see a volcano .
I m twenty five .
This water has an ugly smell .
I got it .
If you don t kill them they ll kill you .
What did you eat ?
What did you eat this morning ?
What did you eat in the morning ?
What did you have this evening ?
What did you eat this evening ?
What did you have this evening ?
What did you eat this evening ?
As soon as he saw the policeman he ran for it .
He s very straightforward .
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn .
Thankfully nothing unfortunate happened .
Tom s explanation was too complicated .
Is the cat on or under the chair ?
You should be more careful with respect to how you talk to those people .
It is easy for me to read this book .
A real friend is like a rare bird .
Can you gift wrap this please ?
He has a passive character .
I see a book on the desk .
He stayed at a cheap hotel .
The sun has just sunk below the horizon .
As soon as I ve finished doing that I ll help you .
This store sells old books .
Reckless driving can easily lead to an accident .
We listened with great care not missing a single word .
If you want to have an attractive personality you need to have a good head on your shoulders .
True understanding requires the greatest of wisdoms .
Suck my dick .
The postman delivers letters every morning .
You could say it that way but it s quite vulgar .
Hey are you really going to work at eight tomorrow ?
You get out of class ?
Are you sleeping ?
I m sick and it s miserable !
When will you be online ?
I saw a fly on the ceiling .
She s always been a very cheerful person .
The children got lost in the jungle .
He tapped me on the shoulder .
When would it be convenient for you ?
Let s see what fate has prescribed .
I m going to go sell my car this afternoon .
I still haven t eaten .
I haven t eaten .
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere ?
Our hearts are linked .
I m discussing something with my friends at the moment . Wait a bit and I ll get back to you .
I m all washed up .
 What you said is wrong . Then what should I say ? 
It s raining outside . Don t forget to close the windows when you get back home .
I just finished cleaning your place .
I don t understand this sentence .
Funny . . . Someone just added the sentence that I mentioned to you this afternoon .
How many accounts do you have ?
Today I take your hand so that we may grow old together .
Idiot . . . You got water in your brain or something ?
Did you guys go out ?
You don t need to tell me . I don t have any interest in this matter .
Did you go out ?
I m gone .
I m off .
I am free of debt .
You think that I m just talking nonsense don t you ?
I m definitely going to give up smoking !
I m definitely going to quit smoking !
As the trees crave tranquility in the ever persistent wind the child craves the care of its ever absent parents .
Did you take the clothes out of the washing machine ?
It s thundering outside . I m really scared !
So it was all a lie .
I mustered up my courage and went there .
Why is my memory so bad ? I m always forgetting things !
Don t get involved with that guy .
I ve got my college interview tomorrow . Hopefully I ll pass .
I m pretty hungry . When can we go have lunch ?
There are four seasons in a year and the one I like most is summer . How about you ?
I wish I could break the habit of smoking .
I have not heard from her for a month .
Can you show me how to tie a tie ?
Are they friends ?
I don t care about the expense .
His life is a neverending race against time .
Get lost !
What time do you get out of class ?
When are you getting off work ?
I want a coffee .
Honey don t forget to wake me up for work at o clock .
Dinner s ready already . When are you going to be home ?
It s gotten late so you better hurry up and sleep . You still need to go to work tomorrow .
You have a small chest .
What time are you going to work ?
What time is class for you ?
What time does class start for you tomorrow ?
What time are you going to work tomorrow ?
I made a mistake while looking .
I misread .
What a shame .
I saw it .
It s all right . I can wait .
I m in the toilet .
Don t stay up too late .
You re still up ?
You re still awake ?
I am feeding my baby .
I never dreamed of seeing you here .
As he talked he got more and more excited .
Those who forget everything are happy .
The Second World War isn t over yet .
I don t work tomorrow .
I didn t work yesterday .
You re the most reliable friend I have .
There were a hat and a coat on the wall .
There s a big difference between reading for pleasure and stimulation and reading for knowledge and education .
From what stems this contradiction between our hopes and our reality ?
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake .
This company achieved a remarkable increase in turnover last year .
The government s expenditures are a bit excessive .
It s not possible to stop here .
In that case we should start by having a family meeting .
People say that the fox is more cunning than other animals .
The food s ready .
He s been living off his father s financial support for ten years now .
Is this legal ?
This road is too narrow for cars to pass .
Tom didn t specify what he wanted .
This question isn t easy .
I m sorry I m busy right now .
You speak French very well . I wish I could speak it as well as you .
We re going out for dumplings in the evening all right ?
Can I write it that way ?
Can I write it like that ?
Hurry up ! The food will get cold .
When did you tell me ?
Is he working tomorrow ?
I m in bed .
While he was studying he fell asleep .
Harry managed to swim across the river .
A cold beer would hit the spot !
There is nothing scarier than death .
The medicine decreased his pain .
Japanese anime these days is becoming more and more like pornography .
Autumn is just around the corner .
As far as she goes yea she does have those few faults but it s just those faults of hers that make me like her even more .
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing .
Tom could hardly hear what Mary was saying .
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior .
We need talented people .
At present there are about million Americans over the age of sixty five .
I cannot accept this gift .
Do you think her story is false ?
Where is Room ?
I m looking for my keys . Have you seen them ?
That girl isn t able to ride a bicycle .
I have lots of things to do .
Her hair grew back to it s original length .
Tell me the reason why she got angry .
She helped him tie his tie because he didn t know how to .
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium .
The money has not been used up .
You have nothing to be sorry about .
Mat as is from Uruguay . He is Uruguayan .
I m really worried .
This TV program seems to be very entertaining .
You want another slice of cake ?
Now get off the boat and swim to shore .
This boy is very good at using the knife and fork .
Nobody wants to touch this .
Have you ever dedicated a song to the orphans ?
We ve already partied all night .
Write me sometime OK ?
When did he come back from Osaka ?
You re not my type .
I just can t solve it .
How dare you !
We lock the doors at night .
We lock the door at night .
They are too numerous to enumerate .
Be nice to her .
My boyfriend is a journalist .
I waited for her a long time .
It is only the cat s fault .
Would you ever consider dating your best friend s ex boyfriend ?
I haven t decided which job to apply for .
We have been good friends for ten years .
Mark s book is very interesting .
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world .
If you have a bone to pick with a person tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back .
He was enamored of the girl .
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena .
Is this the train station ?
I gave it to my mommy .
She has ten children .
My cousin who is a lawyer is in France at present .
We need to protect Tom .
The two of you have ruined my life .
It s all gone .
Where did he go ?
Where did he go ?
Where did they go ?
Where did they go ?
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy .
I love to play golf .
I hate coffee .
Will anyone go singing with me tomorrow ?
Tom doesn t know how to dance .
I am learning Chinese .
I m learning Chinese .
He let out the secret regarding this matter .
He was absent from school on account of illness .
I made an appointment to see him at seven o clock .
I am not in the least afraid of dogs .
I heard Tom sobbing .
Mary is always saying that Tom isn t romantic enough .
I never thought we d end up like this .
I will stay until tomorrow .
That wasn t funny .
That s very cruel .
She is traveling around the world .
He failed in business .
I don t want to hear another word about it !
Tokyo is the least attractive town to me .
Over the last hundred years there have been twenty seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia .
Tom and my secret came to light .
She looks sad .
The boy bowed to me .
I thought Tom was lying too .
Is this radio yours ?
Tom looked puzzled .
Not knowing what to say I kept silent .
Aaah ! ! My computer is broken !
The law is still in effect .
Tom apologized for falling asleep in class .
The islanders are asking us for help .
How shall we deal with this matter ?
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class .
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem .
The Japanese live on rice and fish .
The train was delayed so I could not arrive there on time .
 When will you be back ? It all depends on the weather . 
Seeing as they re poor they ve no choice but to work their hardest .
Twitter is a good example of absurdity .
This organization cannot exist without you .
Please inform me of any changes in the situation .
Somebody just called .
Frankly speaking I don t like your haircut .
He s very honest so we can rely on him .
What did Christopher Columbus discover ?
The babies are taken care of by volunteers .
Where is the most beautiful place in the world ?
Please explain how to get there .
I don t think my father is willing to lend us the car .
Oranges grow in warm countries .
When she was reading the letter she looked sad .
I live alone in this house .
Don t hurt her .
She always writes to her mother every week .
I lay on my bed .
Tom doesn t like chess .
Have you been told when you are expected to be here ?
The cat is waiting for you at home .
I told you before !
Compared to his brother he s not so wise .
He came to school after a long absence .
Would you mind my staying here for some time ?
How far is the garden from your house ?
This is not good at all .
We have exams right after summer vacation .
Happy Mother s Day !
We are anxious about our daughter s health .
Just ask Tom .
Tom has a thing for Mary .
My ears hurt .
She thought that John had loved her .
He was an entire stranger to us .
He is not just interested he s crazy about it .
It wasn t just that she didn t blame him she actually praised the guy .
Is your mum at home ?
The book is on the table .
My house is really big .
There are times in everyone s life when you want to live alone .
Everybody thinks so .
This is my computer .
Coffee or tea ?
Does your salary get put on your pay card on a monthly basis ?
It s necessary that we all work together to complete this assignment .
These are really really bad things .
What a pity !
She grew even more worried .
This is a really beautiful city !
These flowers have a really nice fragrance .
How could I possibly forget about the task that you ve entrusted to me ?
Even if we end up being late it doesn t bother us .
I ll still go to the park even if it rains .
Now there is some left over .
The weather is quite pleasantly cool .
I am your fan .
You just can t stand still huh ? What are you looking for a fight ?
So that s what it is .
So that s how it is .
Today may be April Fool s Day but your prank went overboard . Seriously I m pretty angry !
I forgot that today was April Fool s Day .
I don t know when spring will come and when the flowers will bloom . It was still snowing this morning .
Where is spring ?
You re even taller than I am .
He s even more hardworking than you are .
She s even more hardworking than you are .
Urumqi is even colder than Kashgar .
Not even a single person survived .
There wasn t a single survivor .
That person s so stingy that he won t even let the mouse have the chaff .
Are you also from Kashgar ?
Are you from Kashgar as well ?
Will we also still go to the park even if it rains ?
I didn t have time to cook dinner tonight so I went out and bought a box meal .
By switching your lover from D to D you may successfully reduce all social interaction related costs .
O Romeo Romeo why are you Romeo ?
It s you that she loves not me .
I have known Miss Smith for nine years .
I beg you give me a bottle !
I don t know why you don t like her .
Are you sleeping ?
She was very beautiful in her youth .
Tom saved Mary s life .
That girl playing the piano is my little sister .
I owed him a thousand dollars .
My school has a band .
There s a band at my school .
They say that he s very diligent .
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full .
I can understand you .
I m listening .
He entered my room .
She started talking with a stranger .
He can speak Russian as well .
He can speak Russian too .
We just managed to catch the last train .
I m really hungry .
I don t feel like watching TV .
They have a good time .
He works eight hours every day .
He is in good health .
Okay let s say no more about it .
How hot it is today !
I know all that .
It caught me by surprise .
Why didn t she come ?
A good idea came to me .
I saw him coming out of the hotel .
Talking of Mr Tanaka have you seen him lately ?
This is really delicious .
Rome is the capital of the world .
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow .
She is very popular among the students .
He s not very good at remembering names .
He s standing behind his mother .
She seated herself quietly before the piano .
She s wearing red .
I bike to work .
We ll know the real story soon enough .
It s because it s too big .
There s a lot of snow in the winter .
I m certain that you saw Tom .
My big sister wants to kill me .
Mr . Smith is drinking coffee .
He doesn t come to school often .
It s very likely to rain tomorrow .
Do you want to hear the truth about this matter ?
We are speaking about the same thing just in different words .
That s not the problem .
You asked about her ? What did she say ?
My neighbor s a real mysophobe .
My little sister wants to kill me .
Only when the Party Committee Secretary came in person to resolve it was this point of view dispelled entirely .
And what was the reason ?
Now let s go back to where we were .
No wonder that even he feared this word himself .
We exchanged pleasantries and chatted cordially about news in the team and he moved the conversation naturally on to the main topic .
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast .
Do you remember when we made wooden bridges ?
She gulped down half her tea in one mouthful .
First acknowledge then deny one for and one against and then you are in a powerful position .
No matter how many faults there are our achievements are the main thing .
Whoever ignores that point will make mistakes .
It is how it is .
Going from not having to having that s success .
That s where the problem lies .
That s the first point .
What s wrong with that ?
The problem is that it wouldn t work !
China has Chinese characteristics .
Do you get it ?
He d heard this more than once but once was once more than he could bear .
If you re going to say it you have to say it with force and take away your opponent s ability to retaliate .
Those who don t like it will say that it doesn t fit with China s characteristics so it can t be done and those who do like it will say that according to China s characteristics this is how it must be done .
He was only bothered about concrete questions .
Things are always more complex than we think .
No two rivers in the world are completely the same .
The natural world is always much more complex than formulations in the lab or blueprints in the design office .
There was a different kind of atmosphere in the headquarters .
For us what s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership .
The workers didn t get their basic wage .
That s actually the truth .
That doesn t count as making a mistake .
The situation was much more complex than he had thought .
I ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai .
The thief ran off as soon as he saw the police car .
He went back to the dorm as soon as he finished class .
I ll come and find you once I ve finished my work .
The snow will melt when the sun comes out .
She felt much safer once she d put her helmet on .
Whenever I have a question I just Google it .
Whenever I get a large sum of money I donate some of it to charity .
Those two people start arguing whenever they meet .
At the end of April the water of the Yellow River had darkened .
This was a warning the floods were coming .
They needed to make a decision an immediate decision .
He had to be responsible but this was a responsibility that he couldn t bear .
There couldn t be a more ideal solution than that .
The day before they had made preparations .
At that moment the telephone in the unit office rang .
But it wasn t over yet .
Seeing this scene I couldn t help but sigh .
I constantly went over this problem in my mind .
When I thought of that I couldn t help smiling .
I decided to take the opportunity to go and visit him .
A lot of snow had just fallen .
Boundless snow covered all that could be seen .
Now it was my turn to be surprised .
That s what we heard .
I was wrong .
Spring in the north sends gales to sweep the roads .
If I tell him then it s as good as done . He ll definitely take care of it .
Find yourself an Uyghur girlfriend and you ll never have problems with Uyghur again .
And so you ve finally come back to Russia .
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday ?
She s not sleepy .
I want to emphasize this point in particular .
I would like to place particular emphasis on this point .
Please move the desk to the left .
She went to Italy to study music .
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music .
What did you say ? Please repeat it .
I m a doctor .
When are you free ?
Do you like to play golf ?
Children are full of energy .
He is a lover of sports .
Don t let the children play on the street .
I wanna get out of here !
I do feel pretty good .
Once you do it you see that it s not as hard as it sounds .
He tried to cheer up his wife but wasn t able to .
Let everyone take care of their own affairs .
Today many problems were encountered .
Is it really everywhere ?
His proposal is not worth talking about .
Don t be so lazy .
I could have done better if I had had more time .
You need to be more patient .
I didn t see anybody .
I didn t see anyone .
I don t believe you regardless what you say .
Let s have a good birthday celebration !
Come everyone and join us in drinking dancing chatting and making new friends !
I love you !
The sky is getting brighter .
It is already ten years since we got married .
She wasn t there last month .
You look busy .
You seem busy .
She wanted me to come .
He has lost his job .
I love her but she loves someone else .
I don t talk to him anymore .
She s beautiful smart and most importantly has a good heart .
What you say is quite wide of the mark .
How can I feel relaxed with you watching me like that ?
She s still dependent on her parents .
Don t shout .
Just what have you done ? Aren t you also my friend ?
This is the best restaurant that I know .
He risked losing all his fortune .
I had thought that he was a man but it turned out that he was a woman .
I enjoyed talking with him at the party .
My father allowed me to go swimming .
My town is by the sea .
The students learned many poems by heart .
The longer you hide your feelings for someone the more you fall for them .
Be mindful of your actions when in a relationship .What may seem playful to you could really be harmful to your partner .
Being challenged in life is inevitable being defeated is optional .
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach .
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field .
The Lockheed scandal is a worldwide corruption scandal involving the major American plane manufacturer Lockheed . It came to light in February and revolved mainly around the acceptance of passenger plane contracts .
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold .
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am .
He pretends to be deaf .
He resigned and fled the country .
She made me a cake .
The whole audience got up and started to applaud .
Why blame Tom ?
He got his wife to mend his shirt .
Do you want to come in ?
Her parents can t help worrying about her injuries .
Keep an eye on your bag while walking .
He substituted for his father .
Don t let him hit you .
I ve always fed my dogs in the early evening .
He made the best of the time left .
You yourself belong to this group of people that you re talking about the one that doesn t speak standard Mandarin well .
This pen doesn t write well .
Lost in thought Tom watched the sky as he smoked a cigarette .
I have serious doubts about their plans succeeding .
I have serious doubts about their plan succeeding .
Where can you get tickets ?
You may depend on him to help you .
Perhaps you will seek his aid .
There s really no way to continue this conversation any longer .
We can t just look on dejectedly while this city continues to go into decline .
I m completely soaked from the rain . Can you drive over and pick me up right now ?
Staying up late is terrible for your skin .
Oh I almost forgot ! Today is garbage disposal day !
He s very much satisfied with the result .
Tom s efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke .
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport .
You want to find someone with a good education a good salary good looks and a good personality . Don t you think that that s aiming a bit too high ?
A good education doesn t imply a good upbringing .
There was a long interval before he replied .
I don t want to fail my exams .
I don t want to fail my exams .
I don t want to fail my exams .
I don t want to fail my exams .
Sorry I don t have any money .
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow .
His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures .
She said that John must be very glad to hear the news .
Don t make stupid jokes .
Some people felt that Tom s behavior was inappropriate .
When he asked who had broken the window all the boys put on an air of innocence .
I get the feeling you re trying to tell me something .
Tom has a dog named Cookie .
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen .
You must be careful in choosing your friends .
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three .
How old is your father ?
He isn t as energetic as he once was .
He s not as energetic as he used to be .
Tom is just the man I ve been looking for .
I like cats very much .
That was the skirt that Mary bought yesterday .
This medicine doesn t have any harmful side effects .
There s a book on my desk .
The rain didn t stop and went on for the entire day .
The rain didn t stop and went on for the whole day .
We had thought that he was a hero but he turned out to be a traitor .
Her son was killed in a traffic accident .
Scientific discoveries don t always make the world a better place .
I ll call you as soon as I can .
Since he didn t know what to say he remained silent .
He was the strongest candidate for the position .
Don t drink beer before going to bed !
We usually sleep in this room .
He ll be asleep .
Why are there so many people ?
Dutch is a Low Franconian language .
Tom talked away the entire night .
We have played at this beach .
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind .
She recovered from her long illness .
She wore a long loose coat .
It took her a long time to choose a hat .
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time .
She s been having trouble with back pain for years .
Is she equal to a long journey ?
She wrote a book about the bird .
She is keen on birds and flowers .
She gave a cry of pain .
She is affected with the gout .
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street .
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street .
She came across the street .
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter .
She has a habit of biting her nails .
She goes to the dentist regularly so she seldom gets toothache .
She will do her best to be here on time .
She s in the garden planting roses .
She planted fragrant olives in the garden .
She seeded vegetables in her garden .
She named all the flowers in the garden .
She weeded the garden .
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before .
Does anybody know him ?
Who helps her ?
Someone ! Catch that man !
I wish someone would help me with English composition .
If I were to die what would my family do ?
If I were in your place I would lend him a hand .
He succeeded to his father s large property .
The clever student finished the test quickly .
This is the house in which I was born and brought up .
I m old .
The Second World War started in .
My grandfather died in the Second World War .
The Second World War isn t over yet .
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II .
Our sister bought some eggplants potatoes zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market .
He earns half a million yen a month .
He ate it all up .
I don t know when he s coming .
I actually ended up walking all the way from Shinjuku Station to Jimbocho yesterday !
It s when you teach foreigners Chinese that you realize just how flawed your own Chinese is .
I completely forgot that there was class today !
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro .
We just barely made the train .
Ideally a candidate for this job should have four years work experience .
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often .
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure .
Always do right . This will gratify some people and astonish the rest .
Any emotion if it is sincere is involuntary .
Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today .
Be respectful to your superiors if you have any .
I study Chinese every day .
Can you speak Uyghur ?
I can talk for a bit .
It is my enrollment this week .
Form is temporary class is permanent .
Why should I go to school ?
Regarding the question at hand can I give you an answer in two days time ?
Little Wang is on maternity leave . She won t be back to work for six months .
We will follow your demands and make the necessary corrections to those parts that need them .
Regardless how many times I try to solve this nasty problem I always end up failing .
If there s a better solution then I ll notify you about it as soon as possible .
A person without faith is frightening .
Xiaoming doesn t know how to control herself .
Xiaoming has really poor self control .
Come to my house this afternoon .
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings .
Thank you for taking some time out of your busy schedule to reply to my letter .
Her repertoire on the piano is not very large but she has learned every piece by heart .
We will all work together to finish this task on time .
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price .
Not being able to carry out payments on time can cause very large losses for the consumer .
I would like to learn standard English .
You worry about your weight too much .
You worry too much about your weight .
Is your family doing well ?
I ve always believed in and insisted on this .
Weather s pretty nice tonight .
You should go get a physical examination from a doctor .
You should pay the doctor a visit .
Breakfast is from seven to nine .
Radio s been replaced by the TV .
She said that without me life held no meaning .
I saw them walking arm in arm .
Who threw a stone at my dog ?
He slipped me a note .
Mary was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend .
I m a little confused .
She should have kept her mouth shut .
This is not safe .
She can t drive .
Don t let her drive your car .
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation .
Let them learn from us .
Bob got impatient at his wife s delay .
We have to do something Tom .
It doesn t make sense to me .
Tom is boring .
It s the answer that led those who ve been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day .
Black people had to sit in the back of the bus or stand if the back was full .
What is he talking about ?
Many people make similar mistakes .
The heat is making me crave for an ice cream .
This car stopped in front of the bank .
This car pulled up in front of the bank .
This car came to a stop in front of the bank .
Of the two of them the taller one went out first .
Grandmother died leaving the whole family stunned .
Grandmother s passing away came as a great blow to the entire family .
We got rid of the mice in their house .
He was charged with a secret mission .
Tom doesn t like this color .
The thermometer reads degrees .
Patience is the most beautiful virtue .
The towel wasn t useful at all .
I can read German but I can t speak it .
Who is that person ?
You should pay attention to what he says .
I walked kilometers today .
I walked kilometers today .
Do you understand Latin ?
If a piece of knotted string can unleash the wind and if a drowned man can awaken then I believe a broken man can heal .
What place on Earth coulde be better than the place your people came from ?
Life cannot exist without water .
Don t let me down .
Worse things have happened to both of us .
You just got pantsed in the schoolyard four eyes .
I m sorry to put you through that .
I put roll on antiperspirant all over my body . If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head you know why .
I d love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don t like bangs .
When we were going through security I got pulled out of line for a pat down .
Long story short she s on the No Fly List and we might have been followed here by drone .
Do you have a drug problem ?
Do you think that e books will replace paper books ?
There are English words written down in this vocabulary book and they all have to be memorized by July .
I realized that putting this thing into practice was hard .
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly .
Those two ideas are quite distinct .
She had to give up her dream .
This book is red .
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give he killed it and opened it only to find nothing .
She wants to go to Beijing to further her career .
What s the last thing you remember ?
What s the last thing you were ever happy about ?
Sometimes it s fun to creep yourself out thinking about it .
The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked .
Get them before they get us .
Get them before they get us .
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol ?
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol ?
That lecture was a waste of time .
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person 
Apparently we re just two peas in a pod .
Apparently we re just two peas in a pod .
Apparently we re just two peas in a pod .
These twin brothers are as alike as two peas in a pod .
I didn t get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit .
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all .
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all .
Apparently we re just two peas in a pod .
I don t know for certain when he will come .
Sarcasm ?
Dibs .
Their main exports are textiles especially silk and cotton .
We depend on you .
My team is always losing .
My team is always losing .
Hunger is the best sauce .
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing .
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done .
The washing up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink .
Tom always sings out of tune .
Don t you try and blame this on him .
Edit your work better before you submit it it s sloppy .
He s very sloppy in his dress .
He ll get sloppy .
Holidays ? What are they ?
You owe me an apology for that .
She just came home today .
You can talk but you need to listen to me as well . I also have the right to speak .
There are only three people in my family .
We re not terminating you .
We re not terminating you .
It s no big deal .
If you want to go then go . If you don t want to then it s no big deal .
I guess my job is pretty undramatic .
Everybody is supposed to know the law but few people really do .
We are supposed to know the rules .
Summer vacation ? What does summer vacation mean ?
 Shall I take a message ? No thank you . 
To try to study when you re sleepy is to waste your time .
I m obliged to find a way out of the resulting situation .
She was obliged to work to support five children .
She was obliged to marry the old man .
She was obliged to give up the plan .
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones s locker .
Tom is deceitful .
A north wind is blowing .
The wind is blowing from the north .
It ll soon be a year that Tom and Jane have known one another .
In what year was printing invented ?
Haven t I told you not to call me Tom ?
He pretended not to be listening .
We depend on you .
It s going to rain outside so don t forget to take an umbrella .
While dreams cannot tell you what will happen to you in reality they are able to convey your innermost thoughts .
Xiaoming cried for an hour while watching the movie .
Avoiding a problem isn t going to help you solve it .
Today is World No Tobacco Day .
A quadratic function cannot be used here .
Do you have the source code ?
The use of trust region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent .
She left her son alone in the car .
Let s split it .
Don t buy things on credit .
The sum came to over yen .
My forehead burned with fever .
Wipe the sweat from your brow .
Come feel my forehead .
The frame itself is worth more than the picture .
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone .
You may be right but we have a slightly different opinion .
You had better not smoke so much .
All you have to do is fill in this form .
Excuse me do you speak English ?
Excuse me . Can you speak English ?
I m also very pleased to have seen you .
I d like to introduce you to my parents .
President Lincoln was what we call a self made man .
It s self evident .
It rained .
The window opened .
The dog is barking .
Why don t you wait here while I finish what I m doing ?
If we don t keep walking we ll be late .
There are some strange animals in the zoo .
Tom likes making paper aeroplanes .
Tom likes to make paper airplanes .
Have a nice weekend !
Only a few people understood me .
Only a few people understood me .
 Would you like some tea ? Yes please . 
Tom is consoling Mary .
A long queue had formed in front of the shop .
The dog couldn t bark .
If you go to bed late again tomorrow you ll wake up with shadows under your eyes .
It s unbelievably beautiful !
Go away before they see you here .
I said shut up !
I thought you were my friend .
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters .
Thank you for your attention .
Tom is a bus driver .
I am fortunate compared with him .
Tom is a narcissist .
Tom fell asleep in class .
Whether it s white or black a cat that chases mice is a good cat .
Ireland is a very beautiful country .
The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects .
John chased Mary .
The cat is old .
The old dog barked .
The dog barked softly .
Did the dog bark ?
That only happens in the movies .
That fish lives in fresh water .
The man is naked .
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive .
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world in which one person whispers a message to another which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group .
Cows are eating grass in the meadow .
Let me stop you right there . We don t want to hear about that .
Ken is a good swimmer .
They re armed .
I felt that the plan was unwise .
I have two conditions .
I applied my heart to know wisdom and to know madness and folly . I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind . For in much wisdom is much grief and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow .
We just moved in .
I ve never cut their hair .
I don t think my life is very interesting .
I didn t tell anyone what time I d be arriving .
I lost my job and I have no money . I m at my wit s end .
He is Swiss .
I am on the side of democracy .
She is so to speak a walking dictionary .
It s on the house .
Winds from the sea are moist .
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body .
He s a meth addict .
Well I can cross that off my bucket list .
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child .
He bent over backward to please his wife .
This is a store that caters specially to students .
He asked me to do what I can to hook them up .
He has a good palate for wine .
Shall we go to a little more upscale restaurant ?
You two are harshing my marshmellow .
What s the worst case scenario ?
I m jumping to the worst case scenario .
Tom burned the letter .
She s a glamorous girl .
We saw the ground covered with snow .
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family .
Coffee is ready .
When did you get to London ?
This is the best way to die .
I ll lend you the book as soon as I m done reading it .
We will never be able to return to the way things were in the past .
Wanna hang out tonight ?
I sent this letter to my grandfather .
So what should I do now ?
This is only a horse .
I am afraid that if I take this new job I won t succeed at it .
What are those people doing ?
Your room is big .
Your room is very big .
Your room is big .
Your room is very big .
I have occasional pains in the stomach .
He occasionally visited me .
Tomorrow s weather should be sunny with occasional rain .
He occasionally reads detective novels .
Even now there are occasional aftershocks .
Tom doesn t mind helping Mary occasionally .
Even now I occasionally think I d like to see you . Not the you that you are today but the you I remember from the past .
The mother occasionally reread her son s letter .
It happens occasionally .
They consider themselves our equals .
Everyone who isn t us is an enemy .
In a struggle of power if you aren t with us you re against us .
He is friendly to us and wants our help .
We go to the theater once every two weeks .
We can only abuse of things that are good .
This is not to his liking .
Hi Susan . How are you ?
Tom wanted everyone to think he d died .
Those who know won t say and those who will don t know .
The store sells fruit and vegetables .
The store sells fruits and vegetables .
I think therefore I am .
Did you know that the proper EMT response to a prolapsed uterus is to make a gloved fist and shove the uterus and your fist itself up the vagina ? Also once you ve done that you re stuck in that position until you get to the hospital !
Suddenly unable to make up her mind she didn t know what to do .
If you need my advice I d be glad to give it to you .
The present time is a good time .
Stop inhaling your food . You should eat a little slower .
You re the only person I can trust .
The storm had a serious effect on the economy .
The sun was shining yet it was cold .
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution .
The talks will last three days .
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment .
The two men were business partners .
The two nations have strong trade ties .
The two sides hold talks this week .
Their goods are of the highest quality .
I study French after dinner every day .
Tom left his umbrella on the bus .
Tom left the umbrella on the bus .
You ll get used to living alone very quickly .
Don t underestimate your own strength .
Some are good some aren t .
Remind me again what we ve been discussing up to now ?
I have a dog . He is black and his name is Tiki .
We saw them last night .
Buying a new TV won t make you happy .
The boss is there ?
We ought to sort the students names alphabetically .
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west .
The sun sets in the west .
The sun sets in the west .
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer .
Did you bring a hair dryer ?
I love barbecue .
We ll have a barbecue at the beach .
Did you bring a hair dryer ?
The battery died .
The battery of my MP player was empty .
Automobiles are made in factories .
This factory manufactures automobile parts .
This factory manufactures electric stoves .
What does a Sovietologist study ?
Let s keep in touch .
What time will the game start ?
I m exhausted !
And I thought you could smoke here .
Your place or mine ?
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather .
Walking to the office is not a good idea when it s blistering hot out .
Tom s the only guy in this class .
I hear that keeping yourself hydrated at appropriate times can help prevent heatstroke .
The child of the lady next door is already seven years old .
She once proudly stated that she was going to lose kilos of fat in a single month .
The child next door has to attend three different extra classes every month .
I was calm until I saw the syringe .
Please calm down !
She is overly competitive .
She s the kind of person who likes to turn everything into a competition .
Having a competitive mentality can give rise to negative emotions .
I don t want to help you .
I would like to help you .
What happened between you and Tom ?
Her coat is fur on the inside .
Where there s good there s also bad .
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them .
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary .
Tom admitted to killing Mary .
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom .
Sometimes I find that I basically have no time to pay attention to irrelevant trivia .
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood .
Impulsiveness is the devil .
Please wait a moment .
What was it we were talking about ?
I don t know any blind men .
I succeeded in getting what I wanted .
I succeeded in getting what I wanted .
I have nothing to say .
They know what happened .
From what I understand those who watch Korean soap operas basically are women with nothing to do .
Sheep provide us with wool .
The hand has five fingers the thumb the index finger the middle finger the ring finger and the pinky .
Fortunately no passengers were injured .
I would still like to hear Tom s opinion before coming to a conclusion .
I ll give you a little tip .
The lion followed the trainer s commands .
I m a professional photographer .
I went to London .
I don t have two cats .
I ate the meat .
I m Chinese .
This is a fish .
I m Russian .
This is my comment .
He gave me a postcard .
I burned the paper .
Anger showed on his face .
I m not a doctor .
I just want to hug you .
At my house I have nowhere to study it s too noisy there .
My country is far from Japan .
These paintings are beautiful .
There are too many people there .
Do you speak Arabic ?
You too .
I am thirsty .
There are many hotels in the city s business district .
I am happy to have so many good friends .
Don t expect others to think for you !
I m going to stop trying to be friendly with you .
I don t want to take the chance .
I speak Arabic .
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip .
Honey I can explain .
What s not necessary ?
Though she wished to travel abroad by herself she thought better of it .
I think it s time for me to buy a house .
Would you like anything to drink ?
Few governments can manage the economy successfully .
I will write a book about that .
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed .
I know it s time to go but I want to stay longer .
Perfection isn t good enough .
Don t be terrified .
I arrived two weeks ago .
There s no rush .
The Intel people are lucky to have you !
I wasn t yelling .
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done would you tell us what it is ?
I have a thorn in my finger .
None of this makes any sense .
I m proud of the work I ve done here .
I go to the church on Sundays .
She maintains that her analysis is correct .
I never drink unless there s a big event of some kind .
Building a new house cost a lot of money .
It must be around here somewhere .
My watch has stopped .
I ve heard it said that there is no way for you to ever reach native proficiency in a language if you haven t started studying it before the age of twelve .
Are you a high school student ?
What language do people speak in America ?
Which team won the match really isn t important .
He amassed a large fortune before he died .
This species of butterfly has already gone extinct .
How do you spell your name ?
Man is business difficult !
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden .
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm .
The mooncake is a kind of Chinese snack .
I think the job s very occupying .
I think that you sleep very well .
Waiter the bill please .
Let s not argue .
Let s go Dutch today .
There are no hats in that store that fit me .
A man can t escape his past .
It may or may not be true .
No parking .
Creationism is pseudoscience .
I went to the hospital .
Follow your dreams .
Go to your room !
The cat is eating the mouse .
He is very honest .
I went to school yesterday .
I have a dim memory of my grandmother .
The young man I met yesterday is named Tony .
I ve found a way to overcome my habit of always picking fault with others .
I really like seafood .
There are many trees growing in front of the library .
She has blue eyes .
I m able to speak .
I have a pair of red shoes .
I suggest that he come to Poland a bit earlier .
We need to buy vinegar .
He ate the apple .
I drank the coffee .
I know that you re very angry .
The beer glass is almost bigger than you are .
The beer mug is almost bigger than you are .
Tom pulled a fast one on you .
Neither of them are pretty .
Sometimes he s very strange .
He wants to get married right away .
It s not blood it s ketchup .
The short skirt is out of fashion .
My eyes hurt .
It didn t actually happen .
Children sometimes lack patience .
He didn t say a word to me all day .
It is going to snow .
He lost a fortune in the stock market .
She got married at the age of .
Because she is twenty five years old she gets married .
Mary senses the aliens are watching her .
She hated him so much .
She really hates him .
I did see him .
Tom certainly didn t expect to win .
Tom watches too much television .
Morocco is called Al Maghrib in Arabic .
Mary has nice legs .
Mary has nice legs .
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning .
What do you know ?
The trip will take at least a week .
I like him .
His audience is falling off these days .
He appeared at last .
My father will soon be forty years old .
I don t wear glasses anymore .
She felt uneasy at the thought of her future .
Thinking about her future she is unsettled .
He s a successful businessman .
My head still felt giddy .
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare .
Both of her sons died during the war .
I have a big dog .
She is still a girl .
Do you have any idea who would do this ?
She woke him up .
She awoke him .
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court .
How did you get in here ?
His explanation really isn t clear .
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight .
The moonlight is beautiful .
The moonlight is really beautiful .
The moon has no light of its own but rather it reflects the light of the sun to the children of the night .
What about me ?
My favorite word in German is the word for glove .
You have already eaten the cake .
You ve already had cake .
Thank you !
Thanks !
I work in a factory .
I still love her .
I still love him .
After skiing I find that I have a voracious appetite .
My cousin is so steeped in schoolwork that his friends call him bookworm .
My father bought me a bicycle .
Welcome to China !
Welcome to China !
Welcome to China !
Is this a stallion or a mare ?
Classes begin next week .
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom .
I always thought that Tom was a bit different .
I want everyone to help me clean the house .
I can t sell at this price .
He paid double fare .
Don t you know that ?
You don t seem happy .
He ate some sand .
Self confidence is the principal element of any great endeavor .
I was born on the twenty second of June in .
You know who I am .
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day .
A laptop is better than a desktop .
I m afraid this is an incorrect formulation of the question .
Do you have a dictionary ?
Well done !
People die every day .
I have a photo of my girlfriend on my nightstand .
The cook chopped the meat .
They made me captain .
Steel is a key industry .
I will leave when John comes .
I don t know what we will do .
This can also cause lung cancer .
I helped mom cook .
Wait for me until I write you .
I mean it .
If you prick us do we not bleed ?
I think I m getting sick .
If it s sold out then just forget it .
If you don t like it then don t eat it .
If they hadn t noticed there wouldn t have been any problems .
He ll say if he doesn t agree .
If you don t give it back to him he ll be angry !
I would go if I were you .
If I am busy then I may arrive late .
If I were rich I would go travelling everywhere .
If we d arrived ten minutes earlier we would ve made it onto the plane .
When did you get here ?
She went to Shanghai by train .
He grew up in Germany .
They got here yesterday .
We moved house last year .
She graduated in .
She went travelling with her friend .
We went to Korea by plane .
I used a knife to cut the cake .
She went secretly .
I went to middle school in Japan .
We met in Xi an .
I saw it in the newspaper .
I ve come here to study Chinese .
This computer cost three thousand dollars .
My grandma gave me this necklace .
It was Lao Zhang that told me this story .
I didn t go to Hong Kong by plane .
It wasn t you who told me about this .
It wasn t in Vietnam that I learnt Vietnamese .
Did he get here last term ?
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad ?
Did you see him in the park ?
Did you just get here ?
Did he write it with a pencil ?
Did you meet in Seoul ?
When did she go to Mongolia ?
How is this dish made ?
Where did you meet ?
Who told you about this ?
I came to Beijing last month .
He wrote the letter with a fountain pen .
I ate in the canteen .
I bought the pig yesterday .
We met in Shanghai .
I have to go back to work .
Thank you for your chocolate .
The road to hell is paved with good intentions .
Dad uses fire to roast a chicken .
Wow !
What s your favorite soda ?
She likes running .
She likes to run .
This button is loose .
I already have this book .
She quit smoking .
Do you know the answer ?
He has not yet done his homework so his teacher is beginning to worry about him .
The calf should be separated from its mother .
I paid him five dollars .
Ever since his father died David has been very sad .
Compared with him she is very noisy .
Not everyone likes to drink tea . Take me for example . I like coffee .
Bros before hoes .
You may use a dictionary while taking this test .
When do you close ?
Don t forget to clock out before you leave work .
There s a train station in Japan where the station master is a cat .
It looks like it ll rain today too .
Where have you been ? We ve been looking everywhere for you !
This park is a little kid s paradise .
It happened that I was free last Sunday .
I can t find my glasses .
I m sick .
Did I tell you I got a new job ?
Tom is a fat man .
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary s house .
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French .
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here .
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed .
Tom probably doesn t know why the picnic was canceled .
No one escaped alive .
We need a car .
There is a mistake in the sentence .
I hope you ll be well soon .
I m eating fruits because I m hungry .
I m eating lunch .
I m eating rice now .
I have a cow .
There is a cow in the village .
How many cows are there in the village ?
There are two cows in the village .
Children are the flowers of our lives .
You only have two options .
All animals are equal .
The cheese is not yellow .
The cheese is yellow .
What am I eating ?
Where is the cat sleeping ?
What is the woman saying ?
What is the man saying ?
She s drinking apple juice .
I m drinking orange juice .
There is very little water in your coffee .
I m not a dictator .
This building will be built in the city .
The rule of the road must be strictly observed .
I m eating soup in the kitchen .
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling .
My horse is white .
Where is the hotel ?
I can speak Chinese .
The students are in the classroom .
I am here .
This fish is delicious .
This is a green fish .
The woman is fat .
The meal is not salty .
My brothers are under the tree .
My sister is a nurse .
The nurse is not here .
I want to be a nurse .
The nurse is ill .
The nurses are in the hospital .
This is a good hospital .
She is a nurse .
His daughter is a nurse .
Her daughter is a nurse .
Their daughter is a nurse .
I will eat the orange .
I went to the cinema yesterday .
The beautiful girl is in bed .
These are my books and those are his books .
These are boys and those are girls .
These are very old books .
These are my books .
These are my pencils .
These are our desks .
What colour is this fish ?
We ll cook .
I want the book .
I speak Lakota .
It won t work .
I m years old .
I cannot make noise . The baby is sleeping .
I want to go to school .
I m Francesco .
I m a journalist .
I want to be a journalist .
I want to eat the cheese .
Heather believes me .
He isn t hungry .
I think he s innocent .
I m your sister .
I eat bread .
I like your family .
The weather is good today .
Do you drink green tea ?
I am familiar with him .
This bread is very delicious .
I m playing in the garden .
The lion is the king of the jungle .
Melanie is busy right now .
Melanie is drinking milk .
Melanie is eating an apple .
He arrived here just now .
Tom is my boy .
Tom is talking .
It was rainy for three days .
The children haven t studied division yet .
No I don t want to go .
Best wishes from all of us .
Accuracy is important in arithmetic .
Arithmetic deals with numbers .
All those in favor held up their hands .
The acid ate into the metal .
Acid acts on things which contain metal .
It is subject to interpretation .
I want to close the door .
I don t want to open the window .
I don t want to learn your language .
The cat sleeps on the chair .
I am an office worker .
It was for a dead person rather than a living one that we were searching .
He hasn t actually been to America .
He plunged into the lake fully clothed .
He was hanged during the Revolution .
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters .
Some students like English and others like physics .
Generally speaking men are physically stronger than women .
Physically impossible .
I m from Kyoto .
The only important things in life are love and work .
I have a hangover .
Emily hates climbing .
My sister worked as a secretary before she got married .
I have a good paying job with excellent hours .
My brother s in the army . He was just promoted to the rank of major .
You should have known better than to lend him money .
You re right .
She writes me every week .
Frankly speaking I don t like you .
The world is a small village .
They want to get married .
My name is Jisung .
No thank you . I m just looking .
What s your favorite breakfast food ?
What a pretty girl !
Honey in the mouth and poison in the heart .
You drive me nuts !
Are you busy ?
Tom didn t like Mary .
This castle is beautiful .
My uncle lives in New York .
Africa is a very large continent .
She fell of her horse .
You can t park on this street .
I like speaking in French .
Pandas are beautiful animals .
You ve won !
You ve won !
You ve won !
He didn t want to go to Japan .
Where is the Russian embassy ?
I was able to find the book I was looking for .
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence .
I can t sleep because of the noise .
I hear she is going to get married next month .
Our team lost .
I have brown hair .
She s promised to give me a ring .
Mary used to play with dolls .
He went home three hours later .
Anybody knows who Florence is ?
Hurry up or you will be late .
Hurry up or you ll be late .
David is at home .
David is at home .
Tom got on the airplane .
Let s take a picture .
This sounds fishy .
I like soups with lots of vegetables .
You don t have to be so nervous .
She went there by herself .
I asked her if he liked Chinese food .
I m alive in Tokyo .
I like this one .
 Tom and Mary have broken up . That s ancient history . 
It s late already . Hurry up !
We weren t able to buy tickets so we didn t go to the concert .
Little by little the bird made his nest .
Well I ll tell you how to spell my name .
Please wash my back .
When will I get to Tokyo ?
He did not like children .
Do not eat too much cake .
Where was the princess ?
She can speak both English and German .
Why learn Klingon ?
Paper burns easily .
I m not a doctor but a teacher .
She turned her old dress into a skirt .
When will I get to Tokyo ?
You re just like your father .
My brother is a teacher .
My brother is a teacher .
My brother is a teacher .
I helped my father water the flowers .
Karima hasn t read the letter yet .
The word is no longer in use .
The meeting is held twice a month .
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti .
I m glad you liked my friends .
I m glad you liked my friends .
She wanted to help them .
She wanted to help them .
Why wouldn t you listen to his advice ?
He departed for London the day before yesterday .
I hate soccer .
I m drinking water in the kitchen .
It s a crying shame that they weren t insured against fire .
The excitement reached its peak .
You said Mary was beautiful but I didn t think she would be this beautiful .
They are watching what s happening closely .
We arrived here at six yesterday evening .
I remember hearing that music somewhere .
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe .
These shoes are killing me .
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet .
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast .
Most students agree with the proposal and made a list of arguments in favour of it .
I intend to get full marks .
Had it not been for his help I should have failed .
I have two cats .
I prefer tea over coffee .
This cat is very fat .
What are you doing ?
They agree .
We must wait .
Tom will be busy at this time tomorrow .
We know that Tom has been shot . That s all we know .
I m perfectly happy being alone .
I didn t know what it meant .
Does that hurt ?
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday .
The CEO is very satisfied with the result .
The CEO is very disappointed with the result .
The result is opposite to what we expected .
The result is opposite to our expectations .
The outcome of the test shows that the system has already fulfilled all design requirements .
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation .
This ticket is made out of paper .
This chair is made of plastic .
You need to consider the consequences before making any modifications to existing code .
Because of a flaw in the original design our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks .
Due to lack of manpower we need more time than expected to handle this task .
As a result of the server breakdown total PV of yesterday dropped by compared with normal .
In consequence of some badly coded functions the system is unstable most of the time .
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors we need to readjust our strategies .
We have optimized the database indexing and as a result system efficiency has improved by .
As a consequence additional tests must be carried out to ensure complete security .
The QA team has discovered a serious bug . As a consequence it is recommended that all work be reviewed from the beginning .
According to the latest survey of employees want a free iPad .
The whole plan is only based on his personal opinions .
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year .
Judging from the current situation this project is sure to succeed .
For the sake of long term interests we have decided to sell the development department .
In order to complete the development on schedule we request that other unrelated tasks be delayed for the moment .
Every function should have comments describing its purpose in order to avoid confusion .
In order to move the project along smoothly we have revised the plan several times .
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors .
If small mistakes are not corrected at once they may lead to serious problems .
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website .
This new project in Java doesn t concern me at all because I m a PHP developer .
He is going to take charge of a project concerning the future of the company .
The infrastructure of an application is directly related to its overall performance .
This process must be stopped immediately otherwise the server will break down .
Our conclusion is based on previous studies of the problem .
We have come to the conclusion that this plan is not feasible currently .
In conclusion the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step .
This plastic chair is very cheap .
This television is very heavy .
My book is very heavy .
Is this restaurant open ?
This update will be released at o clock this morning .
They will contact us before midday today .
They will hold a meeting at o clock this afternoon .
We shall fix all bugs today before leaving the office .
All bugs should be fixed today before we leave .
The server reboot is scheduled at o clock this evening .
Tomorrow I m going back home .
This one won t .
She knows how to cook .
I hope my dream will come true .
Do you like oysters ?
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused .
Since all tasks have been completed without delay we are ready to start the next phase of development .
Testing has been delayed by two days . As a consequence we need to reschedule the release date .
Although the accident has delayed progress by one month we have managed to catch up with the schedule .
The schedule is only slightly affected by this delay .
A good programmer will influence everyone around him .
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project .
With this upgrade one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords .
All these new blocks will undoubtedly impact the loading speed of the home page .
Thanks to his great help we were able to solve the problem in minutes .
I will be back to join you in one month .
According to schedule this task should be finished within this week .
Once this process is started we can get the result within one hour .
It is a basic quality of an employee to complete his tasks within a fixed time .
The plan is to recruit Java engineers before the end of next month .
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations .
This problem was troubling us until last night when we found the cause and fixed it .
Judging from current situations this task will not be finished until next week .
Firstly let s check the attendance .
In the first place I would like to announce several new regulations .
First of all power off your cellphones and remain silent .
Before anything else let s welcome a new member to our company .
Secondly is there any project scheduled to be released today ?
Thirdly each team leader please report your progress .
In addition we will issue the employee of the month award afterwards .
Lastly is there anything else to share with the group ?
By the way today is the th of June my wife s birthday .
I want to go to the store .
Her good looks gained her the favor of many men .
Say it again please .
Get out of my house .
Go away from the window .
Go away from the window .
God save Ukraine !
Where were these pictures taken at ?
A bird can fly .
I can not sleep well .
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date .
We don t do it .
It seems that he likes collecting stamps .
There are some beautiful roses in the vase .
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom .
I can tell you re tired .
They re closed today .
My boyfriend looks like your girlfriend .
You have to go to the meeting .
He came yesterday to see you .
I hope you stop telling me lies .
Those flowers are beautiful .
I m going upstairs .
Onwards to glory !
The fundamental cause of the problem is that in the modern world idiots are full of confidence while the intelligent are full of doubt .
His life was full of ups and downs .
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think .
I was like that when I was younger .
Life is like a box of chocolates .
We can rest .
She has a bit of a bad temper .
We all fell asleep .
She really does like animals .
Let him in .
He already knew about it .
The library is the meeting place of all human dreams .
Tom s definitely not stupid . He s stupid lazy .
Don t you want to know the reason ?
Don t you want to know why ?
No matter how hard the training was she never cried .
I saw it with my own eyes .
Come back .
Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations .
We don t think so .
I was kicked in the back .
I dare say he is innocent .
I advertised my house in the newspaper .
We ll talk later .
His memory never ceases to astonish me .
I am folding my dress .
You were at my wedding .
It s weird isn t it ?
It doesn t matter what you think .
I m really sorry about what happened last night .
Someone ate all my cupcakes .
I want to talk to your uncle .
He is my youngest brother .
What just happened ?
He grew up in Australia .
Ha ha I just dreamt that I won five million RMB .
I had a really weird dream yesterday .
Sleep well tonight . Sweet dreams .
Argh I was so embarrassed today . I wore my clothes inside out .
You re holding the book upside down . This is upside down and this is right side up .
Driver you re driving in the opposite direction . I want to go east . Why are you driving west ?
I often wonder if he ll suddenly appear at that coffee shop on the corner .
Did something happen between the two of you ? Why hasn t he been coming to pick you up recently ?
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me I d be scared to death .
Suddenly he took out a ring kneeled on the ground and asked me to marry him .
Yesterday a friend of mine that I hadn t seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money .
The weather was great just a moment ago . How is it suddenly raining now ?
You ask me how deep my love is for you ? The moon represents my heart .
Do you know what it means for a man to give a woman perfume ?
I represent all of the students in the class when I thank you for the help that you ve given us .
What kind of reaction did you have when he came looking for you ?
She was really upset at the time . She cried in the dorm the entire day .
I wasn t in the office then . I don t know what happened .
The Olympics are starting today . What are you feeling ?
Ah it s almost time for exams . I m dead !
Hurry up or we ll be late .
The World Cup is going to start on the th .
Hurry up . We re about to pass that car up ahead .
I am Wang Wei .
So this is your company ?
It s really pretty here .
If you don t let me go I ll still go .
This is really good . Buy this one .
It seems he s gotten thinner lately .
You re really getting prettier and prettier .
She s getting married next month .
A variety of books are displayed there .
We handle all type of books both new and old .
Not knowing where to get off the bus I asked the driver .
The Germans are very crafty .
You shouldn t do things by halves .
How do you account for your being late ?
You should have refused his request flatly .
What is the meaning of this joke ?
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful but not from anybody else .
She sells seashells by the seashore .
Mary is a doctor .
I was as sober as a judge .
That is the essence of the matter .
I don t want to .
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems .
The Devil made me do it .
Some people were hanging around at the entrance .
His bitter words still rankle in my mind .
Could you please find the missing key . I can t open the pantry .
They did the right thing .
Tom is really worried .
I ll leave immediately .
Lock the office .
She has green eyes .
The children already went to school .
The children have already gone to school .
The children have gone to school already .
The Geneva University Library has a good reading room .
What s the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station ?
I d like to see you again next week .
This is a present for you .
It s a present for you .
I know the history of Europe very well .
I miss my wife .
Yesterday was Thursday .
Even smart people are sometimes absent minded .
I have no idea where he has gone .
Do you guys go to the same school ?
Why didn t you go ?
Tom is our French teacher .
This is pure hypocrisy !
He is a biologist .
You cannot do this .
Are there dogs that eat raw fish ?
It s noisy around here so speak a little louder .
The matter is of no importance .
They cannot stop him .
Bill brought me this book .
He secretly showed me her picture .
I don t know the exact length of this bridge .
Who helps your mother ?
My data burning software is showing an error message .
Here are your keys .
I m very grateful to you .
The room is empty .
They look healthy .
A person is worth more than money .
He tried to talk to us in French .
Tell us your thoughts .
We re all angry .
What time shall I come ?
The square was illuminated by bright lights .
Rev . King and his supporters were threatened .
This movie is highly controversial .
People should sleep at least hours each night .
He speaks English very well .
Go home quickly .
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience .
Don t break a mirror .
Tom has to go to work .
You do me wrong .
Gimme three .
This moment will nap you will have a dream But this moment study you will interpret a dream .
When people meet first impressions determine more than percent of whatever happens next .
Pride goes before a fall .
If you want something to be done right sometimes you ve just got to do it yourself .
Let s not discuss it .
It seems that Jeff knows who she is .
It s my fault not yours .
I have a tool .
The stage was sprinkled with flower petals .
I feel bad for him .
The boy scratched his ear .
Everyone has something that s troubling him .
Tom didn t know anyone .
 Tom stole my wallet . Are you sure about that ? 
This work is beyond me .
The excited children couldn t go to sleep all night long .
In China the history began thirty years ago we can t know what happened any farther back than thirty years .
The horse is black .
The milk is sour .
The horse is white .
I m drinking milk .
His book is red .
I always have to wear a tie because of my job .
You are a good cook aren t you ?
We live close to the school .
We live in the vicinity of the school .
Don t look at Tom . Look at me .
She wants to move out and find a place of her own .
The horse is not white .
Remember to admire her new dress .
I don t belong to any club .
Which t shirt is red ?
This is fucking cool .
I ve lost a little weight .
Do you all want me to bring you anything ?
Please write me at name email .com .
It was the morning rush hour and there were a lot of passing pedestrians and cars .
As everyone stood guard silently someone ran to the corner of the street and called over a police officer .
Millie is eating an apple .
No .
What a pity you can t dance !
He has as many books as his father does .
Tom usually stays at five star hotels .
I don t want to hurt you .
I thought you knew .
I had a cat .
Southern men Northern women .
Are there any discount fares for multiple trips ?
Don t grow up . It s a trap !
Are you his mother ?
Anti Chinese sentiment is on the rise in Myanmar .
Information is power .
Look ! The car is on fire !
No thanks I m pregnant .
 yuan is a lot of money .
She s always complaining about her ill health .
You re a beautiful young woman .
Children of six and above should attend school .
You might want to discuss it with Tom .
Am I overreacting ?
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously .
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John .
Sports are good for your health .
Remember to cross your t s .
He comes from England .
Open the window . It s baking hot in here .
I started thinking about Tom .
I hate being alone on Valentine s Day .
The bird flew away and was lost to sight .
Tom says they need more time .
I don t want to buy a newspaper today .
If you re bored I suggest you go to the cinema .
These adjectives are all positive .
You know I m right .
He didn t understand me .
I live in the United States of America .
You look tense .
You seem very nervous .
We ll meet in three hours .
I want to speak to her in the matter of my salary .
Esperanto an official language of the European Union now !
The stars are too far away .
The whole world knows that .
Only two things are infinite the universe and human stupidity and I m not sure about the former .
Her hat looked very funny .
Tom is out of his mind .
Tom has lost his mind .
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast .
Does anyone else have any advice ?
My family is very proud of me .
Can you be more specific ?
I came for you .
Do I sound like an idiot if I talk like this ?
I want to go .
Tom was a nurse .
Tom won t be coming .
Gravity brings everything down to Earth .
I told Tom I was OK .
I m still sleepy .
The man finally confessed .
If you like .
Suddenly everything went black and I lost consciousness .
I erased the blackboard for the teacher .
Tom doesn t know how to tie his shoes .
I warned him about the danger .
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence .
My grandfather speaks very slowly .
Don t stare at others .
Cooking takes too much time .
The children are playing with toys .
Those two children were the same age .
Laughter is good for your health .
Workers of the world unite !
Sometimes I don t understand him .
You re only saving face !
He wasn t the same as I thought he d be .
He left his umbrella on the bus .
Tom s mother s dead .
Hurry up the summer is almost over . . .
Someone saved my life .
She works as a massage therapist .
The boy has a newspaper .
Vietnamese is really hard to learn .
Where do you study ?
I only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning .
A free trade agreement between Europe and the United States is currently under negotiation .
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe .
Europeans drink on average . liters of pure alcohol per year .
Europeans are the world s largest consumers of alcohol .
Europeans are the largest consumers of alcohol in the world .
You should think about your retirement .
I m sorry but the only thing I know how to say in this beautiful language is this sentence .
Unfortunately I can t afford to buy everything I need right now .
Don t waste time .
What s that sound ?
What s that sound ?
He has a hairy chest .
Make sure you get rid of your cold . You ve got to be ready again next week . We can t do without you .
Do you need our assistance ?
Do you need our assistance ?
Don t slip on the ice .
This is my younger sister .
I saw Marcus s house .
I study English and Japanese .
The year of the dragon has ended .
The eggs are in the basket .
The fish are in the sea .
There are two bank cards in the wallet .
The wallet is in the bag .
The wallet is on the bag .
Which one of these people is your friend ?
Come in .
This Chinese book is not too difficult for us .
How much is this book ?
This book costs dollars .
This is tofu .
That is tofu .
This is a Chinese language book .
This is my Japanese friend .
This is a book .
This is a Chinese restaurant .
This is Chinese food .
Is this tofu ?
There are two bottles of red wine on this picture .
There are five people in this photo .
There are four lovely children in this photo .
This new word is particularly important for us .
This is not my Japanese friend .
There are no cars on the street .
Who taught you to speak ?
Please give me money .
Please repeat .
If I have a lot of money I ll buy a new car .
The year of the snake has begun .
The teacher should be very patient with her students .
It s OK .
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people .
There are a lot of eggs in the basket .
The pen is on the table .
What time is it ?
The dentist is very polite to the patient .
Excuse me what are you doing ?
Excuse me where is the library ?
Is it true ?
Yesterday I sold two books .
Did you ski yesterday ?
Merry Spring Festival !
There is a lot of snow on the roof .
I also teach English to them .
I think this is blue .
I think she is very brave .
I think you have a fever .
I think he is not home .
I buy you a present .
I am married .
I know the Chinese characters .
I know .
Both my parents are musicians .
My sister is a teacher .
My major is comparative religion .
I am not married .
I often drink tea .
I teach you to speak English .
I am happy .
I am rich fat and happy .
I am interested in movies .
I am interested in books .
I am interested in Chinese religion .
My surname is Ling .
I fly to Italy .
I like blue .
I study comparative religion in the arts faculty at Turku University .
I ate apples .
I eat a slice of bread .
I ate that apple .
I go to university .
I sell two flowers .
I sell flowers .
Our classroom is very small .
There are at least thirty students in our class .
Our class has more than twenty students .
Our class has more than ten students .
We are in school .
We teach you to speak English .
We are in Finland .
We also write Chinese characters very well .
We work together .
We go to school together .
I buy flowers .
I buy two pretty flowers .
I am also here .
I drink tea too .
I also drink two cups of tea .
I am not happy .
I do not know .
I am not too rich too fat or too happy .
I am not interested in sports .
I am not busy .
I am not rich fat or happy .
I have money .
You also teach her English ?
What is the password to your computer ?
What is your phone number ?
How old are your parents ?
Many Finns are interested in culture .
I m sorry I m late .
Sorry .
It speaks .
It did not teach her to speak .
She comes in .
She knows the Chinese characters very well .
She is sick .
How many professors are there in Turku University ?
Which book is yours ?
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us .
Last year I had five cars .
India is in Asia .
Don t be afraid .
Are you a teacher ?
What do you think about this ?
Do you know how to speak ?
Has your friend divorced ?
Have you got a little sister ?
Have you drank tea ?
You re very fast .
I m faster .
You are the fastest .
Are you a reporter ?
How did you learn to speak ?
You are interested in computers .
Are you Chinese ?
Are you not a teacher ?
Are you a doctor ?
You teach us to speak English .
What are you interested in ?
How did you learn to speak ?
Where did you study ?
Are you going home ?
You are going home .
Did you drink tea ?
Do you drink tea ?
Do you enjoy your vocational field ?
You eat potato chips .
You are going to my home .
What is your occupation ?
When do you go to class ?
You do not teach us to speak English .
He wants to work in China for two years .
His boss is friendly he s American .
He has more than a thousand books .
He is a Japanese businessman but he lives in Finland .
He is always online .
He is often home .
He is good to me .
He sails to Sweden .
He is waiting for me in the yard .
He is on the road .
He is on the Internet .
He rests at home for an hour .
He is in the library .
He writes the Chinese characters very well .
He rests for two days .
They are here .
They teach us to speak .
They do not teach them to speak English .
They go to movies together .
He is also here .
Does he go to school ?
Are you watching TV today ?
When can you come to my home ?
When did the movie start ?
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English .
A trip to America was equivalent to a two year salary for her .
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month .
Can I fix you a hot drink ?
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom .
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution .
Come with me come with us !
Wait a minute I think you should go with them .
I want to go with you .
Go with them !
You can t come with us .
Because you smell bad that s why .
I drink . liters of water each day .
Tom used to drink like a fish .
We overslept .
There is no masculine way of learning .
Please make the bed .
Mother is in the kitchen wearing an apron .
He suddenly became very happy .
She became happy .
I don t play internet games .
It works now .
She needed money desperately .
The philosopher Socrates discussed death with his friends in prison .
I was always good at English .
I was always good at English .
Apples were served as the dessert .
Apples were served as the dessert .
I don t like him .
Pandas are beautiful animals .
Pandas are beautiful animals .
I only kissed her once .
Let me see what it looks like .
I ve changed . I m not the same man I used to be .
I feel at ease around him .
Tell him I m on my way .
Tell her I m on my way .
I feel at ease around Tom .
I have an audition today .
I feel bad about lying to him .
Do you have a friend named Tom ?
Can we meet tomorrow ?
Watch the road .
She liked the new dress .
Without water no creature could live .
If I were you I would ignore it .
She really needs your help .
I think you re the only one who needs help .
I m sure that Tom will do very well .
I m sure that Mary will do very well .
The loss of his mother brought him sorrow and regret .
I couldn t go to school for a whole week .
I m sorry I didn t keep my promise .
The compass points to the north .
That word is of Greek origin .
Compass needles point to the north .
That word is of Greek origin .
I m a little tired .
He said Let s take a short rest . 
The photos are taken by a pro so they ll turn out well .
Start over .
Can you give me a discount ?
Can you give me a discount ?
Can you give me a discount ?
The house was full of colorful art objects .
I can t bring myself to eat anything .
I can t hear what you re saying .
I can t really describe it .
Here is your menu .
I m not fussy .
We will help him if he asks us .
Tell me what this means .
Tom looks about a hundred years old .
On his nose grew a small pimple .
There are ethnic groups in China .
She is aged seventeen .
She s seventeen .
She s seventeen years old .
The boy carved his name into the tree .
He carved a Buddha statue from wood .
This book is so cool .
I m often here .
Is there a quiet corner in here where I can study ?
Go get your helmet .
The kids are picking flowers in the garden .
She looks young but she s actually over forty .
 Would you like some tea ? Yes please . 
 Will he come ? No I don t think so . 
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war .
He gave his seat to the old man .
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle .
I read a book .
I read his book .
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war .
I bought these medications for my father .
Have you done your homework ?
Have you brushed your teeth ?
Can you come over to my house tonight ?
The boy who lives next door often comes home late .
The boy who lives next door often comes home late .
Without water you could not live .
We re learning Chinese .
I am British .
Can you speak English ?
What he says is total nonsense .
There isn t a grain of truth in what he says .
There isn t a grain of truth in what he says .
Her son was killed in the accident .
He was killed in the war .
This time I really mean it .
They both fell in love with the same woman .
I m Tom s wife .
When my grandmother was young her body was very slim . Now in her old age she s grown plump .
Today is mom s birthday . I ordered a cake .
Starting next month I m not subscribing to a newspaper .
I booked a seat at this restaurant .
Through the Internet we can make many friends .
I came to work here though his introduction .
Through this match I realized my inadequacies .
New programmes will appear in the fall on television .
Are there any good programs on TV today ?
The programme is over .
By frugality she managed to get along on her small salary .
Would you prefer milk or coffee ?
Did you enjoy the performance last night ?
He became very elated at the news .
The company is starting to implement the new management system from next month .
The One Only Child Parent for Two Children policy is already in effect in Shanghai . In the future it s possible that it will be implemented throughout China .
Promoting Mandarin Chinese is China s national plan .
In order to alleviate employment pressures the nation has established a series of relevant policies .
This kind of medicine can temporarily alleviate pain . If you need it just take it .
His humor charmingly eased the embarrassing atmosphere at dinner time and made me breathe a sigh of relief .
There are many regrets in a person s life . It s not possible to do everything well .
Every time I leave I m of full the regret that I haven t fully said goodbye .
The regrettable thing is that he didn t even play at his highest level in the finals .
One needs to do their best in all things and more importantly work within their abilities .
One can t go beyond one s limits with exercising and stay within the bounds of what one can do . Otherwise it can have negative effects on the body .
One needs to buy a house that s within one s means but one also needs to grasp an opportunity .
This thing can t be rushed it needs long term planning .
Everyone agrees to stay here for the night and make long term itinerary decisions tomorrow .
Although the decision to implement this plan has already been made the finer points still need to be planned out .
Go forward then turn right go through the traffic light and you re there .
Of the two of them one heads east and one heads west .
In the autumn swallows will fly south .
When he s in class he continuously sits next to me .
When I was talking with him he was constantly looking to his side .
I think I ve seen that person next to Xiao Li before .
I m really sorry to make you wait .
Your room is really clean .
He does things for himself . He doesn t like to bother other people .
This problem is really annoying .
He encountered difficulties in his work .
The weather is really great !
Your boyfriend is really handsome .
You re really a great person .
This piece of clothing is really pretty .
Your house is really great !
Keep walking straight ahead .
The plane bound for Beijing is going to take off soon .
This train is bound for Zhongshan Park .
This kind of cloth is both cheap and sturdy .
Before understanding the situation clearly he hastily gave his opinion .
We must work hard to complete the project .
He s still here in the classroom studying .
If you already know why are you still asking ?
In a month the weather won t be as hot as it is now .
He just came back from the library .
He has worked in Hanoi before .
It s too late now .
Since you all say that I must think again .
Child why are you crying ? Tell me .
When he finished speaking he stood up and walked away .
We should help each other .
He went back to the village after he graduated .
The military power of this country is very advanced .
Economic development has brought other social problems .
We have investigated his criminal record .
The Red Cross constantly supplies food to the disaster areas .
He is a little bit unhappy today .
He isn t very happy today .
They have a secret understanding between them .
I should go to bed .
The world s evil almost always comes from ignorance .
China is perhaps the only country in the world where the temperature is controlled by the government .
Turpan is indeed very hot . Even the government is unable to control the temperature .
I always rest for an hour after dinner .
The football game is now on the air .
The football game is now on the air .
The football game is now on the air .
They are reading a book .
Can they finish this before the deadline ?
Time is precious .
Can you fill in for me at the meeting ?
It has been windy for two days .
I hope you will like it .
I want to say nothing but sorry .
She paid no heed to our warnings .
Remember to shut the windows .
She folded the quilt .
We cannot change the past .
He sat in on some of the board s policy making meetings .
What color is your dress ?
I have no idea of how to send a fax .
There are several kinds of cloud formations .
Human tissue is made up of cells .
Do you like to gamble ?
They played strip poker .
The assistant referee held up his flag to show the referee that the ball was still in play .
Philip hates traveling for away games . He always gets really tired and never plays well .
When the goalkeeper touched the ball the referee awarded the other team a corner kick .
The players sat in the locker room while they listened to their coach speak .
England always does well in the World Cup matches because of their strong defenders .
The game ended in a draw and the final score was .
In the last minute Marcello score an equalizing goal .
They were lucky the game went into extra time because they ended up winning .
Michael needs to get fit over the summer .
He fouled because he pushed over the other player .
The referee blew his whistle twice to tell everyone it was full time .
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo s shot .
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half time .
The referee blew the whistle and called a hand ball on him .
Ronaldo s teammate passed the ball high to him . He jumped up and headed it into the goal .
Most teams perform better when they have a home game .
Do you have any idea what time is kickoff ?
Who do you think is going to win the match ?
Mesut Ozil is one of the best midfielders in the world .
Messi had been very close to scoring a goal the referee blew his whistle to say that he was offside .
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham . Beckham kicked the ball and scored !
Bale fouled and the team got a penalty kick .
The fans went silent as they nervously watched the penalty shootout between the two teams .
Because it had been raining for a couple of days the pitch was muddy and difficult to play on .
He was handed a red card for starting a fight with the other team and as a result their team lost .
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal .
There weren t many spectators at the game because of the rain .
There was a lot of excitement in the stands as the fans cheered for their teams .
Lionel Messi is one of the best strikers in the world . He has scored the most goals ever for Barcelona .
When Sir Alex Ferguson saw that his players were getting tired he always substituted them .
When Mike tried to tackle the other player he pushed him and he was given a yellow card and a warning .
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate .
The manager and coach stood on the touchline shouting out instructions to their team .
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot .
Bale needs to be more careful when playing because he s already been given one yellow card .
England s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded .
It was evident that everyone was upset when Atletico Madrid suffered defeat .
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong the goal difference is usually small .
In the last World Cup New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico .
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead but Chelsea won in the end .
I think the final score between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be .
I think that Brazil has the strongest football team in the world and they have a good chance of winning the World Cup .
The referee according to principle of advantage raised his hand and motioned for the advance to continue .
Jack s coach decided to keep him on the bench for being late to training .
Ronaldo is famous for his bicycle kick . When he does it the fans go crazy .
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team .
Torres booted the ball to his teammate .
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring .
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match .
When the ball was dead Luis ran up to the ball and booted it .
All the top teams of the UK are in the premier division .
The players sat and listened to their coach give them a pep talk in the changing rooms .
The manager shouted out to his players to mark the opposition .
John Motson is one of the most famous British commentators .
The Spanish team is great at keeping possession of the ball .
Sheffield Wednesday is playing their usual long ball game .
As usual the Spanish team are showing off their skills at one touch football .
Ronaldo is a prolific goal scorer and it s almost guaranteed that he will score a goal in every match .
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league .
Look at those guys play ! They re really getting stuck in !
Wow she s got a lot of pace I m impressed !
Jose screamed man on when he saw a player from the opposition behind Marcello .
Peter s one of the best goalkeepers ever . He s always able to pull of great saves .
They re children .
When did you last wipe someone s tears away ?
They re children .
I would very much like to go .
As the saying goes Speech is silver silence is gold .
Don t eat too much and disrupt the stomach s normal digestion process .
Which cup is yours ?
I didn t like the interface of that operating system .
You must take off your shoes here .
I m ill aren t I ?
This place has everything .
Why aren t you in there ?
They re watching .
Have you got a light ?
It s fucking hot .
That s your car .
I m going to check upstairs .
I still like you .
I like being my own boss .
He didn t use to be like that .
I ll get in touch with Tom .
You don t have to explain .
Do you want to go there ?
Do not drink the water !
He insulted her .
This is a television .
We don t need you anymore .
As often as she tried she failed .
She has a sense of humor .
She turned the doorknob slowly .
She slowly moved forward .
Long sleeved shirts are good for cold weather .
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot .
The coffee pot is full of coffee .
A picnic is easier on everyone if you use a paper plate .
I have a separate notebook for each class .
The man is writing in the notebook .
The woman has a fever .
He has a fever of degrees .
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do .
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair .
She didn t want him to play poker .
Anyone up for a game of poker ?
Don t under any circumstances play poker with Tom .
Tom said he wanted to play poker with us .
Don t sit here if you re not going to play poker with us .
Tom has Mary s address .
On sunny days the beach is very crowded .
Today s weather is sunny with occasional clouds .
It is partly cloudy today .
Tom doesn t like to play poker at all .
I like to play poker .
He knows how to play poker .
Game over .
The game finished .
I think that in tough times you can cry as much as you want .
Do you and Tom spend a lot of time together ?
Were you and Tom together for a long time ?
Do you spend a lot of time with Tom ?
I look forward to it .
I m really looking forward to it .
My name s Ricardo and you ?
My name s Ricardo . What s yours ?
I think everybody should learn another language .
I think that everyone should study a foreign language .
Without science there is no future .
The express train will take you between major cities non stop .
The express train is moving down the track .
The man is making a telephone call .
The man is using the landline to call .
The blue telephone is on the table .
The blue phone is on the table .
The straits were too narrow for the cruise ship .
The man is hiking on a narrow path .
His cell phone is off .
His cell phone was turned off .
His cell phone is turned off now .
I have to go to the toilet .
I need to go to the bathroom .
Where s your dog ?
Where is your dog ?
I invited a Chinese friend to my apartment .
I invited a Chinese friend over to my apartment .
You don t need to call me .
You don t need to give me a call .
We watch TV every day .
Why is my brother stupid ?
Why is my friend an idiot ?
Why is my buddy an idiot ?
He slid his arms around her and kissed her .
Tom has been wounded .
There are people in my family .
You are my best friend .
I know Tom .
I don t know when he will come back .
Choose the one you like .
I m not afraid of anything .
I don t know how she should deal with that issue .
I don t know how she should deal with this .
I want him to read this .
Knowing and doing are two different things .
She sang softly .
Books are scattered around the room .
I think this book is easy .
We ve ordered Chinese food .
We ordered Chinese food .
We ordered Chinese .
I live near the sea so I often go to the beach .
I don t know when he ll come .
Tom has just finished eating dinner .
Do you still love Tom ?
The pain is unbearable .
Liisa was in a bad mood .
The device is portable .
The woman is in front of a big rock .
The boys are asking questions .
The boy is asking a question .
They gave different versions of the accident .
That s good .
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland Sea and live together .
Tomorrow will be better !
I m not kidding .
As you can see we re still working .
Excuse me can I join you ?
Have a good dream !
When did you fall in love with me ?
If you were gone I d die .
Tell me what happened .
What does the police officer do ?
That s my hobby .
Ah I forgot to buy tofu .
 I dreamed of you yesterday . Seriously ? And what was I doing ? 
I am forever busy .
I remember it well .
I don t speak a word of French .
You don t need to leave immediately .
Do you have a driver s license with you ?
I understand what she s saying .
He s a good driver .
Tom is tall and strong .
We can t just fire Tom .
I don t know what we ll do .
Every minute counts .
I didn t expect to see you at a place like this .
Come on trust me .
Come on touch it .
Come on let s go .
Come on hurry up .
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done ?
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend .
He always comes to show his appreciation during the New Year and holidays .
You can t judge a person by appearance just as you can t measure the sea with a pint pot .
Tom s girlfriend threatened to leave him .
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Boston .
Don t carry too much baggage when you travel .
What he said cannot be true .
He turned off the TV and began to study .
He wants to marry my daughter .
I want to sit down .
We believe in Buddhism .
My husband is always reading in bed .
He lives in Tokyo .
I lived in a small town .
He was a professor at Cambridge University .
Natasha was born in Russia but she doesn t speak Russian .
Moscow is the capital of Russia .
I am boring .
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors .
Use scissors to cut out the pictures .
Your hands are so cold .
It s very cold here in January .
I m three years younger than he is .
On a hot summer day the air conditioner works all day to keep us cool .
I m really glad you re here .
Tom has a beautiful car .
You have beautiful eyes .
You re really beautiful .
You re a beautiful woman .
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters .
Tom and Mary are both only children .
Tom wanted to comfort Mary .
Mary is two months pregnant .
Are you looking for work ?
Are you looking for work ?
There weren t any cats .
There was no cat .
My father has been living in Nagoya for years .
Is it obligatory to rent a car ?
I m really sorry to hear that .
I won t be wearing a tie .
She knows the Chinese characters very well .
She tattled on me to her teacher .
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience .
The girl is doing homework .
External air conditioners are quite cheap .
I fully agree with your point of view .
I m too tired .
Tom likes squirrels .
May I use your car today ?
May I use your car today ?
He deposited the prize money in the bank .
They deserve it .
I am a banana .
I bought the pig yesterday .
He is always online .
It s written in black and white . How can you be in doubt ?
There are islands in the sea .
There are islands in the sea .
He is not like the person I imagined .
He s carrying an umbrella because it s raining .
Nothing lasts forever not for a long time anyone can find an excuse to go ahead .
You gave up .
I think I know who it is .
He is quick at learning a foreign language .
What do you call this ?
How do you say . . . ?
The alarm clock is set for a .m .
I depend on the alarm clock to wake up on time every morning .
The employees work at the office .
I usually work from AM to PM but today I worked until PM .
He gets up at a .m . every morning .
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning .
I jog in the morning .
The homemaker vacuumed the carpet .
Every Tuesday morning the housekeeper vacuums .
He s a foreigner . He doesn t understand what we re saying .
I do not speak Chinese .
I am bored .
If it rains tomorrow we won t go .
I don t speak Chinese .
This is an old letter .
I know I m wrong .
We can t choose where we come from but we can choose where we go from there .
Who is your brother ?
I write Chinese characters very slowly .
What s his job ?
I ll tell you the truth now .
We haven t contacted each other for quite a while . I am very happy to write to you .
May I kiss you ?
I am nearly as tall as she .
I am nearly as tall as she .
Why do I have to go to school ?
You need to see a doctor .
I will translate .
I should congratulate you .
Do you have a hobby Tom ?
Do you have a hobby Tom ?
That s what I said .
Did you pass your exams ?
Nowadays mobile phones are very popular .
You re still young but not permanently .
He is a promising young man .
Her French is not fluent .
I m sorry I do not understand . Can you repeat it a little slower ?
I want to live in the city .
They never admit their own mistakes .
I like the way you talk .
Life is hard .
If they could eat in a restaurant every night they would . They hate cooking .
I want to go to the movies today .
My uncles come to see me from time to time .
We became friends when I was in Taiwan .
Nobody can know everything .
He s thinking about this difficult problem .
He still hasn t given me the money I lent him .
Don t forget to call me .
He has lived here for a long time .
Do you know this girl ?
Do you know this girl ?
Oh my God !
Excuse me where s the Bank of China ?
I know that some of your students don t like you .
I will not come .
I really don t understand what you re talking about .
I know everything about you .
Where do you come from ?
Where do you come from ?
Where do you come from ?
The weather is getting cold .
Police officer I didn t do anything !
Honestly I really like you .
This is the future .
Oh I forgot my keys .
He hasn t come already has he ?
Do I need a reservation ?
Nine o clock should be O .K .
I d like to reserve a table for two .
What do you have for today s special ?
I m a social worker .
During that time I didn t expect to have a problem .
The school rules that students cannot smoke .
Our company has many projects to do .
Their common aim was to make the project successful .
We are waiting for him to make another decision .
He is the prime minister of this country .
Are you students ?
There are islands in the sea .
Santa lives at the North Pole .
Are you a vampire ?
I love you Tom .
What books did you buy ?
It is going to rain .
It is windy today .
Winter is coming .
This horrible hot weather is killing me .
That s quite to my taste .
Why do children have to carry such a heavy bag ?
What time does the first train leave ?
Please give my regards to your family .
I have no time to have a rest .
She probably studied in France as she speaks French fluently .
Mary said that she loved me but I didn t believe her .
I will stand by you whatever happens .
I ve missed so much .
I have often listened to the music .
You re not supposed to be in this area .
I will go to the meeting .
You don t have to tell Tom if you don t want to .
I m not sure what I was thinking .
I m still the boss here .
Tom put down his pencil .
Don t you know ?
I can t tell you how much I ll miss Tom .
I can t believe Tom kissed me .
Were I you I would study harder .
It took me three days to read through this book .
She speak Spanish fluently .
Both statements are no problem .
If I were you I would study hard .
I can t believe that Tom has kissed me .
He doesn t know anything about the plan .
I m jumping to the worst case scenaria .
I have been dreaming to live in a world where people love each other .
Countless failures destroyed his great ambitions .
Will you live on the mountain Yao next year 
My wife often find faults with me .
She will sit there reading a book .
It s just big enough for Tom .
You should talk directly to Tom .
My appointment at the hospital completely slipped my mind . Why didn t you remind me ?
He is speaking quickly .
I ve had a scratchy throat since this morning . I wonder if I ve caught a cold .
She deserves more .
All Americans have to pay their taxes .
She decided to enter the room .
I m losing my grip .
Whenever you come you are welcome .
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone .
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him .
You have enough time to catch the train .
Are you going outside ?
Tom s not breathing .
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting .
The accident bereaved her of her husband .
They ve been looking for the plane for eight days without success .
It was reckless of her to trust him .
The car was going forward .
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway .
There s a doghouse in the yard .
He should have the right to decide for himself .
What do you plan to major in at college ?
I hope you have sweet dreams .
I went to the park this morning .
The jeweler mounted a big pearl on the brooch .
Don t discard us please .
It is too clumsy that he did the same thing .
The river look like a tremendous snake from the view of sky .
Haiku is a form of poem .
My camera has been stolen on the train .
Mathematics is his best subject .
Mathematics is his strongest subject .
Give Tom any help you can .
Tom wants to tell you something .
What would you say to Tom ?
This is so boring .
Where can I go to get a map of Europe ?
Mr David seems tired .
That boy runs too fast .
Tennis is my favorite sport .
Be careful on your way back home .
You should be kind to others .
I m glad to know you .
All essays must be handed in on time .
Never give up .
She s sure to succeed .
I work for three hours every Sunday morning .
Do I need X rays ?
Please tell me the way to the XYZ store .
It s a good start .
Tom has a pretty big mouth .
We re not as young as Tom .
She is having lunch now .
He lives in England .
She helped me .
I always cry when I see this picture .
There is something that Tom didn t tell Maria .
Does Tom like Maria ?
Tell Tom that I don t need his help !
She married him for his money .
He married her for her money .
I don t know why you listen to her .
I don t know why you listen to him .
Don t touch this with your dirty hands .
You have to follow the rules .
He s Canadian .
I m glad I was able to be useful to you .
 You re ugly . Your mom is ugly . Your mom s face is ugly . 
Let s fall in love .
My mother s father is my maternal grandfather .
Who are the two women over there ?
Tom is a young and handsome man .
I ve never seen her laugh .
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college .
She died in his arms .
 Whose pants are these ? They are Ken s . 
Leave me a bit of ice cream .
What is Wei Ji Bai Ke ?
Are you free the day after tomorrow ?
He admitted his mistakes .
See you .
I wish you were close to me .
Actions are successfully achieved with deliberation but ruined by carelessness .
I watched TV this morning .
Sugar melts in hot water .
How many arithmetic books are left ?
He gets up at a .m . every morning .
Today I want to eat something light .
This is an old letter .
Tom isn t here .
Tom is absent .
In spring the days become longer .
Is this seat empty ?
Is this seat free ?
I don t want to grow up .
I don t want to grow up .
Are these all Tom s books ?
Are these all your books Tom ?
I m the boss .
About how many hours does it take by car ?
I like dogs very much .
You re not my friend anymore .
The job is not suitable for young girls .
I thought you wanted to wait .
They re just talking shit .
I agree with what you say to some extent .
Why don t you grow up ?
I think it s time for you to grow up .
I want you to grow up .
Some people never grow up .
I just cut my finger .
Do you have an e mail address ?
He gave me food and money as well .
You say that you are New Russian so cool ! That s just what we need .
Will you help me give out the programs to those people ?
It was just a matter of time .
She s my type .
Smell it .
Ouch ! I bit my tongue .
That isn t cool .
Ah ! Snow !
I am from China .
Life in Japan is expensive .
I will do it .
Tom has not been doing very well at work recently .
Because your business can play to my strengths .
The company welcomes feedback from consumers who use their products .
He s rather handsome .
If you don t know what the word means look it up in the dictionary .
He always texted me .
You did well to keep the secret .
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war .
He was somewhat excited .
The bridge crashed under the pressure .
I ve never regretted marrying you .
Tom asked Mary for her advice .
Tom turned the handle .
The murder happened between a .m . and a .m .
Obey your parents .
Some go to school by bicycle others go by bus .
Tell us everything .
Tom needs protection .
I don t want to talk anymore .
I asked him with good intentions but he did not answer .
I m not in a mood to go out .
His house is cleaned thoroughly once a week .
It s up to you .
I have to go to school .
You have to go to school .
I m going .
Tom was exposed to a wide variety of music as a child through his mother s vast record collection .
I have another question .
It doesn t look like anything .
Someone stole Tom s guitar .
Trust him . He s an expert on the subject .
I work in the nighttime .
Where is your room ?
I know that you like coffee .
I am telling you the truth .
Can you teach me to fly ?
Alcohol is the enemy .
She was very afraid of him .
I am the boss in my office .
The bank is not open for business on Sundays .
The bank is closed .
There are one hundred people in my school .
A magazine can tell more about a story than a newspaper .
The man s body temperature is higher than normal .
They want to buy a new house and a new car .
The doctor is taking the patient s pulse .
The doctor is examining the foot .
If you get sick go to the doctor .
Keep in touch with friends on the web at an Internet caf .
I can keep in touch when I travel by finding an internet caf .
The boy is picking yellow flowers .
What s wrong with you ?
Sunday is the last day of the week .
Today is Wednesday yes ?
I like coffee .
What s wrong with you ?
Trust me I m an engineer !
It is sometimes hard to choose between dreams and reality .
What exactly happened to you ?
Let s order the lobster ! I ve heard that s the specialty dish here .
I couldn t bear to look at her .
If you want to know what beauty is go out into the wild there you will find beauty .
I would rather die than yield .
You re no prize yourself .
What languages are spoken in your country ?
What language is spoken in your country ?
He should buy a new bicycle for his son .
I d like your help .
Many Jews were expelled by the Germans .
To govern a country is not an easy job .
Whose grammar book is this ?
I want your love .
Does love exist ?
Forgive me my love .
Everyone knows me .
Tom knows me .
Do you know this song ?
I don t know either .
Eat not only fish but also meat .
Eat not only fish but also meat .
Mary knows me .
Nobody knows her .
Everybody knows her .
Did they already know each other ?
Do you know my name ?
I agree .
Only four horses participated in the competition .
Do you know this song ?
I will buy a new umbrella .
I plan on buying a new umbrella .
 Does it taste good ? Yeah it s good . 
Please look over the map on page .
Please look at the map on page .
I must decline .
Sorry I m minutes late because I overslept .
Why haven t you gone to sleep yet ? You should go to sleep sooner .
Can I touch this one too ?
 What time did you go to sleep last night ? Around . 
Are you American ?
The French word soleil means sun .
I will call you tomorrow .
No matter where you go the sky will always be the same color .
The heater broke .
The screen is giving off green light .
I watched a great movie yesterday .
This extension cord is too short .
What is inside the box ?
Tom begged for Maria s forgiveness .
She is good at speaking English .
A bit of juice please .
Kate s dad walks home from the bus stop .
This computer is yours right ?
Yamamoto is also a friend of mine .
I m so hungry !
Why are you here ?
I m so stupid .
Nobody knows why .
I want more .
Unfortunately my neighbor was involved in a traffic accident and is currently in a coma .
I know everybody here .
This wooden chair costs sixty pounds .
This is a very important meeting .
I am looking for a native speaker who can correct this paper for me .
This is my first love .
This movie is very popular among young people .
Whose pizza is this ?
Whose pizza is that ?
Do you feel tired ?
She doesn t use salt when cooking .
I am studying Japanese .
Asia has many rural villages .
You don t accept credit cards ?
This is delicious .
I feel like you are laughing at us .
He became thought of as the best lawyer in this city .
Tom is there alone .
Tom doesn t have a good French English dictionary .
Tom is looking for a job .
The color red is beautiful but it can t beat blue .
Learning should not be forced but rather encouraged .
Did you hear how quickly he speaks ?
That war hurt the country .
Do you want to go too ?
After standing for hours Antonio s legs became stiff .
Marriage is the main cause of divorce .
Are you guys crying ?
Are you crying ?
I won t stay silent .
My purse was stolen .
I ve already told him that .
Has Tom gone insane ?
They married in secret .
This seems very difficult !
Tom is always daydreaming .
I have self studied half a semester s worth of German .
Was Julian wrong ?
Julian was wrong ?
It s already over .
Did you know that before ?
Can he drive ?
That little boy can walk .
I just threw up .
It s always raining .
You are always fighting .
He is always preparing .
He is always complaining about how small his room is .
Are they students ?
Where do you study ?
He is studying .
Do you really not care that I m going alone ?
While cleaning we saw some of his things .
It s OK thanks .
I don t need any thanks .
I m sure you can understand .
He didn t die in vain .
Everything you saw was an illusion .
She went down that road .
I don t want to lose you .
The first thing I did after getting home was taking my shoes off .
He was a millionaire not long ago .
Did you notice any suspicious places ?
You need to leave .
I need a place where I can study .
She is an expert at telling lies .
Upon seeing how ridiculous he looked everyone could not help but laughing .
He always dresses very casually and doesn t care about color or style .
Tom is out on an errand .
Tom was bitten by a snake .
Tom deceived me .
Tom is helping me .
Tom is good to me .
Please tell Tom I m here .
We re waiting for Tom to leave .
Tom is eating something .
I don t know who s coming .
I didn t say I was scared .
Teach me how to fold a paper crane I forget to do it .
Cook dinner please .
Today s weather is much worse than yesterday s .
The cabbage can be eaten raw .
With the help of doctor she has beaten the illness .
Don t shout at me .
Crying today laughing tomorrow I m not looking to be understood I have my pride .
Don t shout at me .
With the help of doctor she has beaten the illness .
Tom wanted to know where we were going .
Tom s in there .
Do you feel fortunate ?
What is not necessary ?
I am taking Tom on a boat trip tomorrow .
All you need to know is explained in this book .
Be careful when working with a hoe .
This wasn t such a good idea after all .
The snow hits the window .
Today I feel melancholy .
She comes to see me off though busy .
There is no one else to go so I have to go alone .
Even though he s poor he s happy .
Many workers starved to death .
She is always dressed in black .
Of course .
Tom isn t afraid of Mary .
It was pretty dark under the bridge .
The party finished at o clock .
He helps me to lift the bag .
Do you love your mother ?
To what extent can he be trusted ?
Life goes on .
Keep looking .
Keep working .
Keep on working .
Tell me again where you live .
How old is this zoo ?
The plan will work out .
Close the window .
Is that love ?
Is it love ?
Keep at it !
I know her .
I come from Beijing .
I come from Taipei .
You come from Taipei .
They come from Beijing .
You come from Beijing right ?
Thank you I understand everything .
I am reading his book .
Read one sentence each .
Who do you live with ?
I know these students .
Jim put the key into the lock .
Do you have a lot of time to relax ?
When do you know me from ?
When did you get to know me ?
I m here .
I ve arrived .
You know that I m willing to try this .
It s OK .
It s all right .
There has never been a nation that was not eventually destroyed .
Why are you out at this hour ?
I want to improve my penmanship .
I want to get smarter .
When you begin downloading please press the Save button .
Did you bring the book ?
Did you bring any books ?
Do colleges give homework too ?
It s raining so the kids aren t playing in the yard .
I can speak five languages .
This morning I woke up yet again to the sound of crying children .
I didn t .
I don t have any .
Are you going anywhere for vacation ?
Sweet dreams !
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage ?
How do I change my cell phone s ringtone ?
My cell phone has a built in digital camera .
When are you finally going to oil your door ?
What will I find in the box ?
Let s see what s in the box .
I should learn Esperanto .
That little boy wears glasses .
That little boy is wearing glasses .
She sat down and lit a cigarette .
Run .
That s called true love .
Tom wants me to stay away from him .
We re out of tissue paper so I need to go buy some .
We re out of tissue paper so I ve got to go buy some .
That s not a horse it s a donkey .
In Hungary everyone speaks Hungarian .
I passed a language test .
I m starving !
If I were invisible I wouldn t have to wear anything .
I was also invited .
I just got a letter from Brazil .
He wrote a new book .
Where s your other brother ?
Where is your other younger brother ?
At the time you were outside .
It s twenty past six .
I didn t forget .
Sorry I won t be there .
Nothing is more sad than stupidity and apathy .
For what purpose did he come here ?
What is the reason why he came here ?
So many languages so little time . . .
I didn t catch your last name .
All of this stationery is his .
No one will see us .
Happy Easter !
Who is your teacher ?
He always keeps his word .
Poor cat .
She adores cats .
I like cats .
Cats hate water .
Cats are smart .
Who broke the window ?
What s the boarding time ?
Shut up !
Shouting at your computer will not help .
If it were not for your help I could not succeed .
Nobody knows why he turns down my help .
We are sorry we can t help you .
My little toe hurts .
She is full of potential .
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty .
He has enormous potential .
Can you help me wash these dishes ?
Soap can clean grime .
His pride prevented him from asking others for help .
They helped each other do homework .
We were very sorry we couldn t help them .
Do it again the same as last time .
Learning foreign languages is boring .
The audience seems to feel bored .
Do you feel bored ?
I want to eat something tasty .
I want to become rich .
So tasty !
The Island of Taiwan s surface area is thirty six thousand square kilometers .
Even chocolate contains vitamins .
He is the odd one of the family .
Wine helps with digestion .
I will help him to the best of my ability .
We are having lunch .
We are having dinner .
Tom what happened ? Why are you crying ?
We have a new neighbour .
He always drinks black coffee .
Tom is no longer a lazy child .
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal .
Don t cry .
Though tears may flow down your face I won t look back .
We re having dinner .
He s a late bloomer .
Must I clean the room ?
Why do you hate me ?
This was a premeditated crime .
I am not connected to this crime in any way .
Aren t you Tom ?
My sister and I went to the castle .
My wife is afraid to drive my new car .
This is where Tom usually parks his car .
If I won the lottery I d buy a new car .
 . . . Otherwise it is or will be hard to avoid a counterproductive situation .
She has taken the entrance exam yesterday .
I don t plan to hang out tonight and I have to prepare for the lessons .
Have I never met you before ?
He had a big pimple under the left eyelid .
At any rate I will go out after the rain .
You should make good use of this opportunity .
I get along well with him .
There is not much time and we have to act now .
How to arouse a woman s desire ?
I feel always restricted here .
I don t have time for a vacation this year .
She always believes in me .
I really hate his dirty jokes .
 Bracelet is the same in French .
Tom doesn t eat red meat .
I still don t know your name .
I don t have a computer .
Tom doesn t know what he should do .
They both cried after hearing the tragic news .
Tom hasn t called Mary yet .
Tom has been expecting Mary .
Will you wait a moment ?
Will you wait a minute ?
Pick up the phone .
Please be ready in fifteen minutes .
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan .
This building is a capsule hotel lodging men and women .
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth .
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand .
In towns speed is limited to km h .
AI means Artificial Intelligence .
I remember having seen her somewhere .
Tom certainly is good at baseball .
I m a high school student .
Give her a moment .
The chicken is raw .
The chicken is undercooked .
The chicken is pink .
I admit that I was a little drunk .
Until next week .
I admit at that time I was a little drunk .
I m a senior high school student .
Sea turtles have a long lifespan .
He likes taking a walk by himself .
He teaches us history .
I was born in Kyoto .
Eat a lot of vegetables .
It snowed for ten consecutive days .
Sport knows no borders .
No smoke without fire .
How can you be so cruel ?
He promised to come but he didn t come .
I got arrested .
The flash wasn t working so he couldn t take a picture in the dark .
Suddenly a ship appeared through the fog .
Tom is extremely romantic .
Are we going to surrender to these monsters ?
Do you have a steady boyfriend ?
Tom added both his and Mary s name to the list .
 Where were you ? I was at a friend s house . 
She s afraid of losing money .
The blanket is still wet .
We met at the church .
Who told you that Tom and I are dating ?
What s wrong honey ?
Those tulips are beautiful .
The music was very loud .
Anyone can attend my lectures but not everyone can understand them .
Mary and Alice are a legally married same sex couple .
It was a very stupid decision .
You need to put more water in the vase .
Mary put some flowers in the vase .
Everyone was drunk except me .
Everyone was drunk .
Can you name one of their songs ?
I ll bet you a hundred dollars that Tom is gay .
Tom doesn t look like his father at all .
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi .
We have to leave in five minutes .
Where did you see him ?
Put the radio on please .
The blueberry cake he made was delicious .
Be my guest .
Don t kid around .
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world .
Health is above wealth .
As you wish .
The weather was not only cold it was also damp .
Have you gone nuts ?
Have you gone crazy ?
Since communism became obsolete and the dictatorship of the proletariat is out of date capitalism proves to be the best so far even though it itself is still a threat for humanity .
The picture is hanging on the wall .
One is new and the other is old .
Don t pay attention to her .
He has written a letter .
He wrote a letter .
He wrote one letter .
What season do you like the best ?
We want you to marry Tom .
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer .
He made me his own assistant .
I really miss the old days .
I ll prove it to you .
I love jokes .
He is twice as old as I am .
It is exactly three o clock now .
Do you happen to know them ?
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven year old child to read .
The red fish is swimming in the ocean .
We have to do our best .
Make sure the free day of next Sunday .
Tom hesitates that wheather he should go to the hospital to vistit Mary .
When do you give back the umbrella to me ?
The computer is a complex machine .
Add the rice wine to get rid of the foreign taste when cooking .
She becomes drowsy after dinner .
She lives in London .
He has gone to London .
Do you agree when to meet ?
There are a lot of parks in London .
The professor has a great influence on his students .
The room don t have any space for another bed .
We have adequate seat for everyone .
He was born in the th century .
It is raining . And no child is playing in the yard .
I ll remember you forever .
I have decided to carry on the work .
Mother is never impatient with us .
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food ?
The conversation turned to politics .
Someone among them wants to hug you .
She s at home taking care of the kids .
Can I try this on ?
Could you ask her to call me ?
What does this mean in Arabic ?
What does that mean in Arabic ?
I m just writing a letter to my girlfriend .
 I think perfection is ugly he said . Somewhere in the things that humans make I want to see scars failure disorder distortion . 
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia ?
I d like to try this on . Where are the fitting rooms ?
Nonsense !
Really ?
You are always digging at me about my clothes .
Admitting what you say I still think you are in the wrong .
She is progressing in Chinese .
He shows no mark of progress .
First come first serve .
Take care !
Take care of yourself .
He carried six boxes at a time .
I am very happy to see you .
I want to reserve a first class stateroom .
This is the dilemma .
It s a slip of the pen .
I ll beat you up !
Tom wake up .
Is Tom here too ?
You filthy beast get out of here !
Mom likes to eat fish head .
When I woke up this morning I felt a little ill .
Please have a seat .
Stop !
We need an ambulance .
He has gained weight .
Who taught you how to dance ?
Don t treat me as common people .
Rainy days make me depressed .
What are you punishing them for ?
He ought to be punished if he commits a crime .
The world doesn t revolve around you .
It s just what I wanted .
It s exactly what I wanted .
This is exactly what I wanted .
This is just what I wanted .
That is just what I wanted .
He is wearing gloves .
A Mexican taught him Spanish .
I can speak Spanish fluently .
Yaguat speaks Spanish and Guaran .
He is capable of teaching Spanish .
They are making for the forest .
I can learn what she is saying .
There is no existence of Nobel Mathmatics .
Don t speak OK ?
There is no existence of Nobel Prize of mathmatic .
Pastor King and his supporters are threatened .
My wallet was stolen on the bus .
He just likes the silent night .
An incomplete glass if you look it in another direction it is still circle .
Why is it that you don t learn English ?
Recall the personal fault while leisure . Do not talk others fault while chating .
The murder case happened in this way .
We hava illustrated the story with pictures .
I devote all my strength energy to this project .
He forms a hobit of staying up .
He lives in India but is a English .
I know where he live .
It is not particular .
Exercise more otherwise you will be overweight .
Our teacher is pretty humorous .
Have some ham .
It s by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith .
Address the matters and not the people involved .
Tom is totally into you .
Does that make me weird ?
Are you sure that Tom is behind this ?
How long has Tom been living in Boston ?
This is a book about public policy .
It would be better with your younger sister .
It can be better with your younger sister .
He has a master s degree in mathematics .
He is a tutor for the math department .
Last year I was a TA for calculus .
If you have questions please come to my office hours .
The professor has office hours every Tuesday afternoon .
Mathematicians love to prove things .
Above all be patient .
My parents are going to buy a new CD .
Congratulations !
How many books do you read per month ?
How much does he earn per month ?
How much does he spend per month ?
How much is the rent per month ?
I have to fight .
Food is always necessary for life .
 Look she said .
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight ?
Life is hard but I am harder .
That bridge isn t long .
We have physical education .
Does she like my hat ?
I will never set my foot there again .
Try this !
I counted to two hundred .
Tom refused to talk to me .
You re not allowed to smoke here .
Tom s children can t speak French .
Tom is fat .
You re contradicting yourself .
Speak !
Come in !
I have to go back to the office .
The calculator on the desk belongs to me .
Don t give in by these unreasonable demands .
He left his wife a lot of fortune .
It is a donkey rather than a horse .
The truth is that you hide the truth again and again .
The weather scientists predict there will be a rainstorm .
The flower you see are roses .
I measure the temporature every hours .
It takes yen by the lowest estimation .
I m making an appointment for tonight .
You can stay as long as you wish .
It doesn t matter .
I don t like it as well .
I take a leave of him .
He can t be very wealthy judging from his salary .
He spoke to me in German .
It is the dogged who wins .
This program has become stereotyped .
He was elected president .
I like short hair .
I was asked to wait here .
You re not satisfied are you ?
As for me I am satisfied .
You broke the rules .
The price is not reasonable .
Let me know the result as soon as you can .
Is there anyone in the room ?
Was there anyone in the room ?
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us .
It s impossible to study in such noise .
It s not possible to study with so much noise !
That s my sole concern .
Is this a river ?
What did you guys go see ?
Russia is bigger than Pluto .
I thought he would come .
I thought that he would come .
I heard the door close .
Young children are often fascinated by science .
How dare he open my letters !
She has blue eyes .
I think I mistakenly deleted that file .
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan .
Animals are afraid of fire .
Am I hungry !
I m hungry .
I feel hungry .
I am hungry .
Oh my God !
Shame on you .
Thank you for your present .
This gift is for you .
He accepted her gift .
That didn t really happen .
 is the year when the st century begins .
One hundred years is called a century .
 years is called a century .
A hundred years is called a century .
They have preserved the building .
Look at that house .
Take me home .
How about a cup of tea ?
Please drink tea .
I was waiting for a taxi .
Those who know do not talk . Those who talk do not know .
Are you thirsty ?
It is difficult to satisfy everyone .
This is a sentence .
He has a car .
She is as clever as she is beautiful .
You have no fever .
The price varies with demand .
It s you I ve come for .
That s strange .
Where are the plates ?
He s afraid of snakes .
Open the door a bit !
No problem .
Don t worry . I ll do it .
Never mind .
That hurts ! Stop it !
I apologize for the methods used to get you here .
I don t care .
Don t worry .
This is not important .
He is always laughing .
Yes she s our manager .
Yes he s our manager .
Poppycock .
You are free to go .
I m checking for laser beam alarm triggers .
Tom s house has a nice garden .
The guests are in the kitchen .
Before going to bed I took three pills to stop a cold .
Tom is a Briton .
Who are you looking for Tom ?
They have no impact on the environment .
Are you for or against his idea ?
Hands up ! This is a robbery .
On hearing the news she fainted .
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is .
That way I kill two birds with one stone .
It takes years for Neptune to orbit around the sun .
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest .
Russia is larger than Pluto .
When I was your age Pluto was a planet .
That s the reason she doesn t want to be with him anymore .
That s the village I was born in .
She is a native speaker of Serbian .
The new moon came out .
The tall woman is beautiful .
Is she a computer programmer ?
Is she a computer programmer ?
She fooled him .
He speaks too fast .
Where do you want to go today ?
That is how I learned English .
How did you find my house ?
I like this book very much .
I carried on singing .
I continued singing .
She is already sleeping .
She s already sleeping .
The next concert will take place in June .
He replied that he did not know .
She knows that you know .
Tom studies philosophy at college .
My elder son is Lech Zar ba .
His son wants to be a lawyer .
He is but a child .
He s writing his mother a letter .
Not everybody can be an artist .
I never thought that would happen .
The password is Muiriel .
You can t view Flash content on an iPad . However you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home .
Could you tell me your name and your number ?
Tom s daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car .
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of Money for Nothing .
It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the Venezuelan accent .
Open your eyes people !
A person who likes flowers can t be evil .
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution .
Are you mad ?
Tom is my brother .
Tom is my brother .
See you next week .
School starts next Monday .
School will start next Monday .
Leave immediately !
Leave now !
Yes I understand !
How did you do on your exam ?
What do you think ?
What do you think about it ?
What do you think of it ?
What do you think of that ?
What do you think about that ?
I m not in the least afraid of it .
Too bad .
That s too bad .
Pity you can t come .
It is a pity you cannot come .
Your answer is correct .
Your answer is right .
I hate my neighbour .
You should go .
He s my underling .
That s why no one wants to work with you .
Mr . Goat Butt never told me there would be a partner .
You are a fast learner .
Five times two equals ten .
It was two months ago that I arrived in Tokyo .
Please don t mistake my meaning .
The young man is a doctor .
I don t know whether he s younger or older than me .
You re very beautiful .
I ll see as I walk along .
It is very important to master English in short time .
Why don t we order the pizza ?
Tom is a friend of my friend s .
I d like to be a graduate student through the test after graduation .
Isn t he the graduate student of the University of Rome ?
Since it is the oval track the distance between the planets and the sun differs at times .
Say hello to your friends .
He has ample experience .
You still don t have enough experience .
I find it hard to express my feelings in words .
Grr ! I m itchy all over and it s driving me crazy .
This soccer match is full of energetic and splendid competition .
You had better not stay up too late .
I ve got it right here .
Actinium was discovered by Andr Louis Debierne in .
Don t let this information leak out .
He bought this truck from Poland .
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards .
Masturbation leads to insanity .
People from the so called first world look at us Latinos as if we hadn t invented the wheel yet .
I am very interested in learning Chinese .
Is it difficult to learn Chinese ?
I promise .
Probably .
That was the best day of my life .
I would like some fish .
Do I need surgery ?
Draw a circle .
Your daughter will tell me .
Jim likes to play the drum .
What were you in prison for ?
Why should I care what you think ?
This laptop is thin and light .
I d say you earned it .
That settles that .
Don t you feel honored ?
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins .
Tom is a wanted criminal .
I destroyed all the evidence .
This event benefits no one .
To his credit he knows what he s talking about .
You must study five pages per day .
The economic situation of the country worsened .
Is love just a game to you ?
Ten years ago our parents died in a car crash .
The due date for submitting the application is this Friday .
The weather is better than yesterday .
We know it s hard to quit smoking .
A sibling is one of two or more individuals having one or both parents in common .
There s no coffee left .
They abandon their children .
I am sixteen years old .
I m from Rome .
You remind me of Tom .
Tom is prepared to accept the consequences .
My hovercraft is full of eels .
You ve got to apologize .
What a wonderful family !
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school ?
He took care of the business after his father s death .
My father is not home yet .
She killed him with a knife .
Eating too much is bad for the health .
What are they saying ?
What are they saying ?
It looks like the dog wants something to eat .
I can manage on my own .
If you see a mistake then please correct it .
She is stubborn .
She is obstinate .
What are you fond of ?
I think he ll come .
I don t like salad .
He went to Berlin last year .
When are you going to Europe ?
I didn t lie to you .
I have a question I need to ask you .
I heard you got married .
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class .
What a shame !
I feel depressed often .
This job calls for practice .
It s quite large .
That s a tower .
That is a pagoda .
Tom slit his own throat .
It is wrong to tell lies .
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower ?
Is there anyone in the room ?
Is there anybody in the house ?
He who is born for a dime will never be worth a quarter .
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages .
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be too .
I invited her to the movies .
When does that start ?
Why didn t you bring your hat today ?
Could you translate this sentence ?
I can cook .
We re not late .
Tom doesn t know where Mary lives .
I slept only three hours .
I don t understand Hungarian sorry .
We actually intended to go to the beach tomorrow but it s expected to rain .
The king abused his power .
Ah those Russians !
The flight was cancelled .
The word antonym is antonymous to synonym .
When it comes to movies I like anything as long as it s not horror .
Turn right at the crossroad .
Turn right at the intersection .
I have nothing to say with regard to that problem .
You re not old enough to get a driver s license .
I prefer apples to oranges .
I just heard something .
Isn t that mine ?
He had his socks on inside out .
The movie was so good I d like to see it again .
Did you see anything unusual lately ?
That river flows into the Pacific .
No one listens anymore .
No one goes there anymore .
I can t thank you enough .
I grew up in the mountains .
I have to share this room with my friend at present .
Although Mrs Crane is at her eighties she is still vivacious .
You can never know what will happen .
Most toothpastes contain fluoride .
Buddha is a image when you have learnt Buddhism for one year a temple statue for two years and a paradise for three years .
The plane had five hundred passengers on board .
There wasn t a dry eye in the house .
Mary is fairly plain but Tom thinks she s the bee s knees .
Today is the fifth of March .
Good night .
It was once very peaceful there but now you ll sometimes hear the sound of passing vehicles .
Take off your clothes !
Happy Qixi Festival !
I m Turkish .
May I see you in private ?
That s the badger !
I m sorry for the late response .
I wish that we could spend more time together .
Merry Christmas my love !
If you can read this it means that you can speak one language !
Please let me off at the next stop .
I need one apple .
You re the only one who can help me .
You re the only one who can do it .
Tomorrow s going to be a big day .
He s a professor at the National University .
Is Tom well ?
Mom I m hungry .
Who s your girlfriend ?
Are you saying you don t want to go to Tom s party ?
She drank straight from the bottle .
I wonder what happened to her .
Kobe is the city where I was born .
Where can I borrow a car ?
You don t speak English in your home .
Write everything down .
Write your goals down .
Tom wrote us postcards .
Who wrote these stories ?
That song was written by Tom .
This is a well written article .
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning .
Why worry about it ?
Why worry about Tom ?
Should we be worried ?
Should Tom be worried ?
Tom should be worried .
Tom and Mary have a daughter and a son .
They re young but they have experience .
Tom and Mary have three cats and two dogs .
Tom and Mary have three sons and a daughter .
We re having an office party tomorrow .
Tom is single and has a three year old daughter .
Why have you been late to school every day this week ?
Right now we have blueberries blackberries cherries strawberries peaches and nectarines .
You re lucky to have such a good job .
We ve never had this problem before .
Tom shouldn t have been here today .
Tom is divorced and has a daughter .
Since when do you learn Japanese ?
Tom has a veterinary background .
Tom has no brothers or sisters .
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston .
Tom has a year old daughter .
Tom had numerous girlfriends .
Tom has a twin brother .
Tom has no siblings .
Tom had no children .
We have many goals .
We have three kids .
Monday is Tom s thirtieth birthday .
Definitely !
Unbelievable !
Nonsense !
She died .
 I m leaving tonight . Don t give me that ! 
 I m leaving tonight . Don t give me that ! 
With those words he brought the meeting to an end .
It s been a long time since we last saw each other .
Thanks for your quick answer .
I don t want to play anymore .
Father will never approve of my marriage .
The well has run dry .
Long time no see .
That is one of my best time in my life .
When did you come to China ?
When did you learn how to swim ?
Have you made a decision ?
He made Tom lose hope .
Sad !
That is a dog .
Who invented that ?
I m used to it by now .
I m doing my homework .
I used to eat pizza but now I don t .
It s really bad for your eyes .
Deal with a man as he deals with you .
Marie doesn t remember having turned the light off .
I love egg yolks .
Such is life !
I speak a little Polish just enough to make myself understood .
I want to write a lot of sentences .
I like the way it sounds .
What do you plan on doing with the money ?
Tom wants us to hang the TV on the wall .
It s hard to steal from a thief .
We don t have any eggs left either .
She is like a beautiful dream .
Some people prefer conformity while others seek novelty .
Desperate times call for desperate measures .
According to custom the bride should be compliant .
You re welcome .
Such questioning is routine police business .
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom .
It s really dark here . I can t see anything .
World population has rapidly increased .
Where do we go ?
Because they re watching television .
I prefer not to talk about it .
I like flowers .
I m getting endlessly annoyed by this foolishness .
How much is the ticket ?
She felt dazed .
She felt blue .
Do you like noodles with beef ?
Is there anyone here ?
Where do you want to go ?
Is there a metro station here ?
I m Japanese but I don t live in Japan .
You re welcome !
Excuse me where is the metro ?
Let s go by taxi .
The metro station is quite far .
You can take a taxi .
How can I return home ?
I received an invitation .
Thank you very much .
Remain there and don t move .
Yesterday he read the most interesting novel .
Can you forgive me ?
I lost my umbrella .
This dog runs very fast !
His son died from cancer at a young age .
I discovered my father collected years of newpapers .
Jack can t afford to buy a new bicycle .
We went for a walk in the forest .
Freedom has a cost .
He works hard .
I want to lose weight .
She has a lot of things to do .
I bought an ancient lamp .
He tried a cheesecake .
How do you spell pretty ?
This isn t my bag .
However vast the darkness we must supply our own light .
Every new day could be your last .
Sun lights the landscape pain illuminates the soul .
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon .
What a pity that I did not see it .
I wanted to go but I forgot .
I was bored so I fell asleep .
You definitely should not skip this step .
I did not order this .
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku ?
I m getting too old for this job .
Let me think about it .
He is nearly .
Money can t buy everything .
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not .
She wants to do it on her own .
I love that book .
Tom thinks there s hope .
Tom should ve discussed that with you .
Tom should ve already discussed that with you .
Who s worried about Tom ?
I m not a native speaker .
I ve already tried that .
Tell Tom that I don t need his help .
I couldn t get the point of his speech .
I want a new shirt . What do you want ?
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid .
Tom is so hot .
I thought you d be full after eating that big steak .
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married .
He threw a piece of meat to a dog .
The two of us don t belong here .
I climb mountains .
I have already talked with this student .
I once hoped that my mother would survive until I got married .
The smoggy air of Beijing makes me feel gloomy .
I have a free spirit .
I like learning various languages .
I like freedom .
I have already tried that .
He weighs kilos .
Shh ! Don t make a sound . We are playing hide and seek now . If you want to talk go find somewhere else to hide .
Where is the taxi ?
If you marry a chicken follow the chicken if you marry a dog follow the dog .
We must learn to accept the people around us .
A woman should follow whatever her husband orders .
I used to play tennis .
Better run away immediately !
I m glad you were right .
I want to make a pie .
Customs include food celebrations and dancing .
I m feeling the breath of life .
There is no time for explanation .
I will continue to study Latin because it is really interesting .
I think that all the world s languages are very interesting .
My friends are all really nice .
I like to talk about tasty food with my friends .
Today is a cloudy day .
Is that even a word ?
I don t care what you say I hate you !
He s got pneumonia . No wonder he is coughing nonstop .
She got hepatitis no wonder she is losing so much weight .
I would like to but I have a required course tonight .
Have you ever been to Paris ?
I don t need anything .
He dressed up as a woman .
I should put on more clothes .
More coffee please .
She likes seafood .
I m gonna call the police !
It wasn t my fault .
I know you re going to say no .
Tom was very scared .
Tom was very scared .
I ve never known anyone as hypocritical as you .
If I understood you right you want to break up with me !
Come and dance with me !
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow ?
You re irresistible .
A cat came out from under the desk .
There s no reason to be afraid .
This is not a sentence .
I m going to make you a drink .
Is it safe to skate on this lake ?
Yesterday I read an article about acid rain .
Life is a magnificent gown full of lice .
I want to live in Tampa .
What s your advice ?
What s my room number ?
I want a cup of cold black tea .
I don t like drinking .
I don t like homework .
I don t like studying .
I don t like sushi .
I don t like eggs .
I don t like eggs .
I don t like anything .
I don t like you .
I don t like tea .
I don t like wine .
I don t like winter .
I don t like kids .
That book is very old .
Come and dance with me .
You can t read too many books .
One can t earn too much money .
Drinking more water won t do you any harm .
Gotta go .
Love your neighbour .
She is very busy .
I don t know what to say .
Tom found a job in Boston .
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers .
If you want to call me this afternoon .
She s going to return to her country .
She has her eyes closed .
Let s not mistake precision for accuracy .
This task has been complete .
I am a teacher what about you ?
Is this your table ?
She went to hospital .
He is my colleague .
He come here by plane .
I can cook .
How is this book ?
We all saw that man .
She is very happy .
He didn t go to hospital .
She didn t go to watch movie .
Which fruit do you like ?
How old are you ?
Is he a doctor ?
He is not at the restaurant .
I arrived yesterday .
My phone number is .
Which one of these cups do you like ?
I bought this at the train station .
They are eating .
I live in Beijing .
I am not a student .
He is years old .
A year has months .
Where would you like to go ?
The place where i live is not far from here we can go back .
What is this place ?
This box is almost empty .
Sorry I don t agree with you .
Is there any supermarket nearby ?
My hair is very long .
His hair is black .
We all think this proposal is feasible .
What do you think of it ?
I thought you wouldn t have come to work today .
He lost face
He was knocked down by his opponent
I would like to ask you a question .
He has something on so he can t arrive before .
I know her very well .
Go and find out !
What do you like to do on the weekends ?
I don t like air conditioning .
Yesterday evening two guests came at home .
This is my Chinese professor .
Just wait a little while .
Let the matter rest for the time being .
All the way we talked as we walked .
He bought a very cheap cinema ticket .
In the middle of the park there is a big tree .
Concerning this matter . . . I really don t know .
Compared to south summer in Beijing isn t really hot .
Including you there will be people .
He intends to become a teacher .
There are a lot of flowers species int eh garden .
I would like to give you a hand
You must help him .
I m not too sure how to pronounce that word .
I usually don t buy things online .
He s generally at home on weekends
both of them are same age
He is quite out of the ordinary and his work is exceptional .
I didn t go to the zoo .
We are very sorry but we can not accept your request .
Does this bus pass the zoo ?
How far is it to this university ?
Should I go this way or that way ?
He responded to his parents .
I was born in San Francisco .
He s proposing a suggestion for altering the research method .
Ah Mei is an adorable girl .
The city was full of starving soldiers .
You all were very good before and now you re even better .
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value .
They re typical youngsters .
I love this man .
The five yuan coins are brass and the ten yuan coins are made out of bronze .
Yesterday my big brother went to Fukushima to help the locals . I m very afraid of the rise in radiation levels .
He s afraid of that dog .
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you .
Beijing has started to get colder .
I don t feel very good when I haven t eaten breakfast .
I like to take a walk after meals .
I m going to the bank .
I ve got to go to the bank .
I live in Beijing now .
I currently live in Beijing .
I really like Hebrew .
I love music .
If it s raining tomorrow then we ll go there in the car .
We re amazed by the rapid growth in import quantities .
The rapid growth in imports amazes us .
I admit my wording is a bit direct .
The weather is exceptionally frigid .
The weather is unusually cold .
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem .
Pride goes before a fall .
Arrogance leads to a person s downfall .
I m so disappointed in him .
Don t let appearances deceive you .
I owe a lot of money .
He has his own room .
A timely snow promises a good harvest .
Okay I got it . Cut the BS .
I got it so no bullshit okay ?
The world is just like a book and every step you take is like turning a page .
Damn it s hot !
He came across an outstanding young person .
The air is very good in Beijing today .
Nobody knows why she doesn t like me .
You may take this .
Not one friend came .
No friends came .
Is this giving sermons or sticking one s nose in someone else s business ?
Is this patronizing or meddling in someone else s business ?
It doesn t matter whether you have money or not . I love you just the same .
Shut the door !
We re intimate friends .
I live in Malta .
Basketball is very fun to play .
If it s raining tomorrow we ll go there by car .
The bird likes rice .
You can t be young .
This suit seems really expensive .
As the saying goes good always triumphs over evil . But there s another saying that the fight against evil is a constant struggle .
I can go to your house tomorrow .
Do you have brothers and sisters ?
I feel exhausted because of jet lag .
He complained that the room was too small .
We are planning changes to the manufacturing process .
I ve had a lot of work to do lately .
If the lion is the king of beasts the eagle is the king of birds .
They haven t given up at all .
What stop is this ?
What is your name ?
Excuse me . Where s the metro ?
Excuse me . Where s the subway ?
Ten years after the wedding everything is just routine .
I ll wait for you in front of the school .
The scar on his forehead really stands out .
I went running past them .
I don t have any other questions .
I have a bit of bad news .
Don t leave me by myself !
I never thought something like that could happen .
I m not interested .
She saved some money for a rainy day .
Imagine that you have a time machine .
Imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine .
They drink coffee at home .
I m going on vacation next week .
He ate poisonous mushrooms .
He left me with tons of hard work to do .
He dropped a bunch of hard tasks on me .
He foisted a bunch of hard work on me .
We re having a barbeque on Sunday .
Everybody gets a second chance .
He shaved his moustache .
You re a beautiful young woman .
Sorry I m late .
See how much more carefully made these are compared to those ?
I m ready to leave .
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas .
I just finished reading this book .
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon ?
If you want something done right do it yourself .
When does the game start ?
I m reading your book .
He s always punctual .
He always arrives on time .
She always dresses very simply .
She always dresses very modestly .
She has wishes .
Have a pleasant trip .
Do you know where I live ?
Just say what you want to say .
If you want that water pistol you ll just have to save money and buy it yourself . I can t constantly buy toys for you . I m not made of money .
Translating wears a person out .
Translating is exhausting .
You re right .
I ll go to the library with you tomorrow .
The vast majority of Chinese people have never met foreigners before so it feels odd for them like meeting space aliens .
Art for art s sake .
Do you drink beer ?
She is very proud of her talent .
I m going to call my daughter .
I log in to Tatoeba once a week .
I log into Tatoeba weekly .
I m tired of eating fast food .
I m sick of eating fast food .
I m fed up with fast food .
There are thousands of participants at today s event .
Every time I go to Paris I visit the Sacred Heart Basilica sit on the steps and listen to the people below singing and playing musical instruments .
I love you . Is there any chance you might love me back ?
Washington D .C . is the capital of the United States of America .
The capital of the U .S . is Washington D .C .
I gave all of the Chinese proverbs back to the teacher .
I don t have a lot of work but it s enough to keep me in the office this week .
The school won t turn on the air conditioning so the students are going to throw their hot water flasks off of the balcony in protest .
Sorry to bother you !
I was born in Mexico on a beautiful day in May .
I can t see anything without my glasses .
This company and I have signed a three year contract .
She used the apples to make the jam .
Let them decide .
We bought a comfortable new armchair .
I wasn t quite sure what to say .
So he didn t go to school .
I lent Tom a book about Germany .
I have to explain this to Tom .
Man is the only fire using animal .
There are more and more sentences .
I was born in Osaka but I grew up in Tokyo .
Are there always so many people here ?
What are you unhappy about ?
You re very smart .
Nobody knows what will happen in the future .
We can t know what the future has in store .
Somebody is shouting my name .
Someone s shouted my name .
I ve looked everywhere but I can t find my book .
To err is to be human .
It is human to make mistakes .
Shanghai has everything under the sun when it comes to food .
He needs ten hours to get dressed .
It s hard to endure the boastings of the French .
Children often wet their beds at night .
Can you let me by ?
Can you let me pass ?
Can I get by you ?
Where do you feel uncomfortable ?
Lower your voices !
Perhaps it s because the web is slow .
If you use this modern equipment it will save a lot of manpower .
John you ve been working too hard . Have a seat and rest awhile .
The doctor works from morning until night .
The doctor is working from morning til night .
Life would be impossible without the sun .
Without the sun there would be no life .
Without the sun life is impossible .
He surpasses his rivals in all ways .
He is superior to his opponents in all respects .
I would like to become a poet .
Are there French speakers in Canada ?
Are there francophones in Canada ?
Look guys the window and even the kitchen door have both been left open !
Everybody likes to goof off .
I haven t gotten any messages from him since then .
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience .
The source of many of our mistakes is a lack of patience .
I m Thai .
I find the problem easier than I originally believed it to be .
I find this problem easier than I originally thought .
The expansion of the building s west end is being studied .
You ve had a very restless night .
One more time !
But I haven t looked up this tracking number on the DHL website .
Put on the hat .
He s just as tall as the other boys in his class .
We waited in the park for a long time .
We think alike .
I think the same way as you do .
I have to take a test tomorrow .
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings I didn t tell him the complete truth .
He has something that I don t faith .
Stop fooling around .
Stop joking around .
She broke the window on purpose .
She made a vanilla chocolate cake for four people .
It s kind of in vogue but the price is too much !
It s sort of fashionable but the price is too high !
There still aren t any highways in this mountain region . All goods are transported on the backs of people and horses .
I believe he will triumph .
I believe he can win .
I m going to stay here until the day after tomorrow .
The birds soar in the air .
What are you looking at little one ?
The union and the company have agreed upon a new contract .
It doesn t matter whether your beard has grown for four years or seven . When the barber shaves it he ll use that same blade .
 Why should Japanese people have to study English ? Foreigners should have to study Japanese ! What you say makes sense ! 
I come from Japan .
I m from Japan .
Many people cannot understand the way hackers behave .
Many people are unable to comprehend the actions of hackers .
Let s get married !
She gave her seat to an elderly person .
You haven t even updated the firmware ?
Alright ! Ten yuan buys five kilos OK ?
We re buying movie tickets .
I just didn t want to go to work yesterday .
Confirm the order .
I think I m coming down with a fever .
Which one of these boys is Masao ?
I left Japan ten years ago .
I wash my face every morning .
Sorry for telephoning you so early .
Sorry for calling you so early .
You are really crafty .
You re a clever one .
I believe you re honest .
Other people can think what they want as long as they think like I do .
Treat him well .
Trick or treat .
You were treated unfairly .
Do you have a red pencil ?
The accident took place at that corner .
He looked around but he saw no one .
The association counts thirty members .
Dan lied to his associates .
He s just a business associate .
I applied for membership in the association .
They don t have to know .
Whose tea is this ?
Tom said I was the only one who believed him .
It s cloudy today .
I m pretty busy right now .
The phone is ringing .
You will get used to it .
The beer has gone flat .
Please give me the menu .
Six divided by two equals three .
I was about to go look for you .
I really have to go .
We left at o clock .
I know that feeling .
We like to play soccer .
There is clearly a problem .
My income has decreased ten percent .
I don t want to swim .
You really are an idiot .
I left Japan ten years ago .
When you hurt others you also hurt yourself .
I can t stand to live alone .
Someone told me about that .
I have been under a lot of pressure lately .
Why do you like smearing China so much ?
George if you are not listening to the radio then turn it off .
to scrape a living
Kiss me you fool !
No matter what you do don t laugh !
Old people often talk to themselves .
I work in a travel agency .
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying .
Are you interested in foreign languages ?
He isn t himself anymore .
Swimming makes your legs stronger .
In this kind of weather it s best if I stay at home and don t go outside .
He asked her to give him preferential treatment .
Can you imagine walking around on the moon ?
There are lots of trees in the countryside .
Are you for or against abortion ?
Do you support or oppose abortion ?
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived .
That only happens occasionally .
I can t speak French or German .
Is it serious ?
He was elected mayor .
We have your size but not in that color .
Please turn up the AC a little bit .
His little brother is a famous soccer player .
Who knows where he has gone .
God only knows where he has gone .
What do you want to know ?
What is it you want to know ?
I need to take notes .
Which one is easier ?
She is taller than me .
Speak louder !
I will be back late .
Hurry up !
Slow down .
I will call back a bit later .
We won t go out if it doesn t stop raining .
Can you guess what I have here ?
Ann wrote something on the blackboard .
You are everything to me .
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit ?
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall .
How long do you plan to stay ?
Tokyo is a big city .
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation .
Let s give the book to whoever wants it .
Are you busy today ?
Quit smoking if you don t want to die early .
I won t be home next Sunday .
Can you guess how old I am ?
The chemical symbol H stands for hydrogen .
You have done what you needed to do .
I have never thought of that .
I love bread .
I haven t seen her in a long time .
I think you should take the test again .
Have some more .
I m going to study harder .
What else did he say ?
We need some more coffee .
Do you want more ?
Reformers aim to improve the government .
We ve seen all round improvements lately .
You re hurt .
The girl s father is a doctor .
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year .
Gao Dao is usually really suave but he seems completely smitten in front of his girlfriend .
He cleared his throat .
I kissed her on her forehead .
When I came home my little sister was playing the guitar .
I am Tom s grandfather .
What is wrong with you ?
What is the matter with you ?
What has happened to you ?
Do your gums bleed ?
Can you have a look at my gums ?
My gums bleed .
My gums are bleeding .
I ll be back late .
Try to be a bit more modest .
Give me some more milk !
Let s make some more .
They want more .
He wants more .
We need more .
Our work is almost done .
Don t you think the name The Sacred War sounds a bit sarcastic ?
Tell us more .
Could you please transfer me to Mr . Smith ?
Please let us know .
We want to know .
Let me know .
Do you want to know ?
Where is the city hall ?
I won t talk to you until you ve realized your mistake .
I have my feet firmly planted on the ground .
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing .
Why are you trying to hide your feelings ?
Mary hung her clothes on the clothesline .
Could we go somewhere else ?
Could we go somewhere and talk ?
You re going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time .
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time .
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money .
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt .
I feel that I am a burden to everyone that no one will ever love me .
I confess that I m tired .
I don t like to socialize .
I know I m a burden you don t have to repeat it .
What vegetables do you want to buy ?
Try it .
This is an old device .
This is an old unit .
I had nothing in common with them .
I think Tom s cheating .
Tom did better this time than he did last time .
Tom comes here three or four times a month .
Tom carried the chairs to the next room .
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know .
Tom wouldn t dare show his face around here again .
Tom wouldn t let anyone else in the room .
Tom wrote Mary a long letter but he didn t send it to her .
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry .
What Tom said doesn t apply in this situation .
I feel that I m a burden to everyone that no one will ever love me that I m better off dead because that way I wouldn t hurt anyone . However on the other hand I want to keep living and show everyone that I m strong .
Tom was there physically but not mentally .
Since no one was interested to listen to me I just kept quiet .
If you re not listening to the radio turn it off .
In this kind of weather it s best to stay home and not go outside .
Will I be the only one going to the party ?
He is the man we were talking about .
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday .
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does .
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes .
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary s wedding ?
He is determined to succeed at any price .
A rainbow has seven colors .
And what if I say no ?
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend .
Even crooked tree gives shade .
Find someone who respects you .
Reluctantly he started the engine and drove off .
My questions were met with a frosty silence .
She practised as a barrister for many years .
Do you still practise your religion ?
He was banned from practising medicine .
They seldom watch television these days .
Tom was unsatisfied with the results .
Tom wasn t as handsome as Mary said he was .
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled .
Tom couldn t go to college because his family didn t have enough money .
I won t need any help .
Every time he comes here he orders the same dish .
He never found out the truth .
He can overcome any obstacle .
We are going to the lake to have lunch .
Linda is the most beautiful woman in the whole world .
The orphans were taken to the orphanage .
Living costs have increased rapidly .
I don t remember my grandmother s face accurately .
That was one of the best times of my life .
Let s just rest here for a little while my feet are aching so much I can t walk .
The others are leaving . What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while ?
I haven t seen her at all lately .
Mary is the prettiest girl in class .
Which book are you reading ?
What book are you reading ?
Can I sit here ?
We are staying at home because it s raining .
Even a child could do it .
Is that an area you are familiar with ?
I am not a good swimmer .
Don t be so disgusting .
I want you to bring Tom a letter .
I wonder what else Tom wants .
I reckon he will be back soon .
It was truly depressing .
I asked Tom what he was reading .
I m prepared to accept the consequences .
God created all men equal but men think it differently .
Our Father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name . Thy kingdom come . Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven . Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil .
I m really busy .
He s sitting at an empty table .
Tom complains all the time .
Is Tom in a lot of trouble ?
I never regretted having helped him .
We love our mother almost without knowing it without feeling it as it is as natural as to live .
I smell smoke in the elevator .
I will never forget the day when I first met him .
Tom was there this morning .
To keep early hours makes you healthy .
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave .
I promise that I ll come .
We re doing the best we can .
It s the police perhaps we should get out of their way .
Why are we wasting time with this ?
She had my mother take care of the baby .
Tom enjoyed himself at the party .
I cannot follow your logic .
I had nothing to hide .
Can you speak French well ?
Be careful with it .
You aren t invited .
They fell into the conversation immediately .
You re very resourceful .
He arrived five minutes after the specified time .
It s not wrong but it s rarely written like that .
My travel fees to Japan are paid for by the university .
As this girl entered the room every child was laughing at her little hat .
Tom s car has been stolen .
The bank has already closed .
Quit chattering .
But no one wanted to hear it .
I want to stay home .
He ignored the existing laws .
She uses rude words .
Why aren t you even moving at all ?
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience .
Of course he s innocent .
 Four is an unlucky number in Japan .
How far is New York from London ?
You promised to take care of them .
Appearance isn t all .
How many batteries do you have right now ?
Yesterday night I was almost bitten to death by the laboratory mosquitoes .
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others .
Last month we collected five liters of rainwater .
My appetite is particularly large .
The clothes at this boutique are particularly expensive .
Is there anything that worries you right now ?
So how s the card used ?
I m interested in oriental pottery .
He doesn t like fish .
He s next to her .
My phone is broken .
I don t think you should .
We are starting at six .
We ll have to wait and see .
Is this your book ?
I want to see a movie .
Can you wake me up at seven o clock tomorrow morning ?
Their mother calls them .
I must write books .
This is a big dog .
You must eat fruits .
Julia sings .
Her mother calls her .
Today we have a lot of food .
He has red flowers .
I don t have a guitar .
Where is the tree ?
No I don t understand .
The students are all learning English .
How do you say lung ?
Don t listen to her .
My parents are from China .
We know she lives in the city .
But it s too expensive !
We drank a little .
It s too expensive !
What are you writing ?
I just got bitten by a mosquito .
I didn t mean to spook you .
Tom and Mary could learn a lot from each other .
What the devil are you doing ?
Tom doesn t need to know where I m going .
This wine tastes good .
When you re done sweeping I ll mop .
What sort of yogurt do you like best ?
Everyone is waiting in the other room .
I have a ball point pen but I want another .
Tom fell into the ice cold water of the river .
I don t know where I d begin .
Who would want to kill me ?
Is it true that Tom can t read or write ?
The number is considered an unlucky number in Japan .
Scott traded a watch for a book and then traded the book for money .
Don t touch me .
This is true love .
The boy reading a book is John .
It s about to rain .
To me love is being able to restrain one s own feelings and take others into consideration .
At what age will I be able to withstand what now hurts me so easily makes me disheartened and anxious ?
Happiness is not to be loved but to love .
She isn t pregnant .
Everyone hates know it alls .
Tom can keep a secret .
You are much too modest .
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments .
Tom can t remember anything .
I live in Qatar .
You aren t Japanese .
He is an independent thinker .
Try not to think about her all the time .
There is a proverb that goes time is money but there is another one that goes money can t buy you time .
That s not standard English pronunciation .
I sent you the letter just when you called .
He talked for an entire hour .
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at the school are female .
I understand !
Many important historical events took place years B .C .
Here is my email address .
Do you know how to dance ?
I don t know much about Japan .
The horse stopped and refused to go any further .
I m not a child but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child .
Where did you see her ?
Is Natasha a common name in Russia ?
 What s the matter ? I can t find my keys . Which ones ? My bicycle ones . 
I love my wife .
Sorry I zoned out .
Hug Tom .
I m not feeling that hungry yet .
The cake is delicious .
Just name a time and I ll be there .
Tom is the head of the company in name only . His son makes all the important decisions .
Tom is a Christian in name only . He never goes to church .
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook .
Tom told me that he won t come to school tomorrow .
Tom told me that he d like to become a doctor .
Tom told me that his father had passed away .
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston .
Tom took out his key and opened the door .
Tom turned right when he should ve turned left .
Tom wanted Mary s phone number but she refused to give it to him .
A woman is ever fickle and changeable .
I don t think they re coming .
Joseph can say I love you in five languages .
I m a determined organized and responsible person .
What does he do for a living ?
His salary is high .
Even if I were rich I wouldn t give him money .
You re annoying me !
My son doesn t obey me .
London is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about .
The French Revolution began in .
The treaty was not a success .
The train stops at every station .
Is it true you re trying to do that ?
Who wrote this story ?
I can t even imagine my life without him .
Please be careful not to get hurt .
Tom has to protect himself .
You re way too drunk .
After the accident Tom decided to stop skating .
I can t concentrate . Do you mind turning off the TV ?
It s been two years since I started learning Chinese .
Tom was conservative .
She was the First Lady .
How does she bring up her children ?
You seem like a very smart person .
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes .
My home is far away .
Tom will be there for a few days .
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday .
He s a seasoned investigator .
You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen .
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday .
Tom is no longer a member of this club .
Do you believe in eternal life after death ?
I rest on Sunday .
Get off your high horse Tom .
The prime minister dissolved the Diet .
It started raining .
I go to church on Sunday .
I can drive a car .
I m not sure .
It belongs to me now .
I don t care as long as you are happy .
I think you re lying .
I m going to change my clothes .
A fork fell off the table .
She resembles her aunt .
When will that new school open ?
My first day in the university was rather boring .
Is there central heating in this building ?
She has a dog and six cats .
She stabbed him in the back .
Love is selfish .
This is mine .
They add pictures to their album .
If you had a time machine where would you go ?
I felt a drop of rain on my head .
He became an orphan when he was ten .
Tell me how to play the game .
She is busy with the care of her children .
I wish I could go with you .
She will forever live on in our memories .
He s an idiot sometimes .
Let s go ahead and eat .
He couldn t stand the bitterness of the coffee .
I still have another sister .
If I had taken that plane I would be dead now .
Drink and eat .
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains .
Your sneakers are dirty take them off before you come in .
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it .
I didn t mean to keep it secret .
That goes without saying .
What would you like to do in the future ?
I thank you from the bottom of my heart .
Please say hello to your family .
Tom complained that Mary never helped him .
He s my new friend .
Many people envy Tom s success .
He was framed by his wife .
I swear I saw an alien !
I take a walk every day except when it rains .
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek .
John is a good friend .
I warmed myself in the bath .
I lost my key about here .
He disappeared without a trace .
Love if you want to be loved !
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty .
My father walks .
We know him to be a brave man .
We played poker the entire day .
When I left the shopping center the car wasn t where I had left it .
She has been to France three times .
He has twenty children .
I don t drink or smoke .
She is different from how she looks .
John Dalton was the creator of the atomic theory .
Mary and Tom have been in love since the eighth grade .
Eat it .
She reads Chinese .
This wine tastes good .
He had long hair .
Phrases are syntactical units .
Eat it .
Eat up .
We ve found her .
He was late as usual .
For some reason she didn t come home last night .
Venus has no moons .
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope ?
She shrugged her shoulders .
The family is the fundamental unit of society .
That planet is called Saturn .
Mars is the Red Planet .
Earth is a planet .
I m from a different planet .
What planet are you from ?
Well done !
It s been raining all the time lately .
All I want to do is go fishing .
He got off the bus .
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses .
He promised not to tell anyone about it .
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany .
He is just passing the blame onto others .
I can t lift a suitcase heavier than kilos .
I suggest that out of politeness we drink as little as possible .
They treat me like a child .
We had a lot to drink .
Our colleague s mother passed away .
Turn right at the next intersection .
I follow my mom s example .
She gave me a hand gesture I didn t understand .
Give me the sword .
She married a musician .
I ve told you not to give me any hickies !
He asked me if I know her phone number .
She likes oranges .
My father died when I was seven .
I can t believe Tom was able to do this all by himself .
You need a car if you live in the suburbs .
Ukrainian girls are the prettiest in the world .
Give me a cigarette .
The machine generated large amounts of electricity .
I ve always wanted to visit Turkey .
I didn t pay attention to what they were saying .
Tom abstained from voting .
You can go wherever you want .
My father will not let me marry him .
My father did not let me marry him .
The bed took up a lot of space .
The bed takes up a lot of space .
Can you speak Low German ?
My mom gets out of bed before me .
He asked if I like mathematics .
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you .
I am short .
Don t cry .
You disappoint me .
You re the new secretary aren t you ?
I m scared of wild animals .
Please serve the guests some coffee dear .
Remember to brush your teeth .
He won t be back tomorrow .
It s eight o clock .
It s a matter of life and death .
We are conservative .
Exercise is good for your health .
You are a good driver .
I live in Tehran .
Who wants to be a millionaire ?
The boy can count to ten .
My wife often called me when I was travelling abroad .
I want a good dictionary .
He s very fond of science fiction .
Let me think .
Tom goes for a walk every morning .
My back still hurts .
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles ?
Tom got mercury poisoning from eating canned tuna every day .
Stop bothering me .
Go away !
Please come in !
Welcome !
I m really hungry !
Don t lie !
I don t give a damn what people think about me .
You guys looked mad .
They are eating sandwiches .
This pencil is better than that one .
They flunked their exams .
Tom has lost his interest in studying French .
I can t believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn t eat .
That is a circus !
I really don t need any help .
The room is cold .
Her English is better than her French .
Don t forget that animals sometimes can be human like .
Life is like a marathon where short term gains and losses are not significant in and of themselves .
The most enlightened way of living is to despise social conventions while at the same time living your life in conformity to them .
One of the reasons that we love nature is that unlike ourselves nature is not envious or deceitful .
He is the man I saw yesterday .
Great ! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell or is it ready to move into ?
She is just an ordinary girl .
She is not as punctual as her little sister .
Don t forget to bring a camera .
That house is much better than his house .
It might rain .
Her girlfriend is completely flat chested .
Her girlfriend is part of the itty bitty titty committee .
My brother named his cat Huazi .
In front of you you can see Tiananmen Square .
They named her baby Jenny .
You re a good driver .
We re conservative .
Are you sure you don t want me to say anything ?
Tom was too scared to say anything .
I like swimming but I don t like to swim here .
Nobody knows where she is .
Nobody knew where she was .
Who is that ?
I admit that if it weren t for him the next ten years of my life would have been empty and devoid of purpose .
I was bitten by a mosquito .
I m learning how to drive .
It s almost six o clock .
Tom didn t tell me his secret .
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital .
I m really looking forward to summer vacation .
The repairs cost a lot more than dollars of course but I am grateful to them for finding a solution .
Tom was stealing money for the last two years and Mary knew it all the time .
Tom didn t like the idea .
Tom didn t give me back my money .
Tom didn t give me back my money .
Tom didn t let his children go to Mary s party .
Tom didn t show up at the party yesterday .
Tom didn t tell me her name .
Tom didn t tell me the truth .
Tom didn t try to hide the truth .
When was Tom fired ?
When was Tom fired ?
Have you been fired ?
Tom should be fired .
They should all be fired .
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out .
Tom recently found a good job .
You guys looked mad .
Can I go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red ?
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband wearing a hat to the photographer .
My driving instructor says I should be more patient .
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband wearing a hat to the photographer .
Who were they talking about ?
She slept in the car .
She sleeps in the car .
He can t distinguish between good and evil .
Tom doesn t share Mary s enthusiasm .
I don t want to take such a risk .
Mary doesn t like men who are stingy like Tom .
Can you tell me how to get to the train station ?
Can you tell me how to get to the train station ?
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly .
Mary has many friends .
Tom has many friends living in Boston .
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study .
Tom has lost weight recently .
Tom has lost interest in studying French .
Tom has lost his keys .
Tom has lost his keys .
Tom has just returned from the post office .
Tom has his own bedroom .
Do you regret marrying me ?
I need an assistant who speaks French .
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn t appropriate for the situation .
Has something good happened ?
I hated him .
This message will self destruct in five seconds .
The service here is awful .
Did you ever get married ?
The accident s only survivor was a baby .
I m two years younger than Tom .
I don t know his last name .
You d better keep your money for a rainy day .
Is Tom living in Boston ?
Tom is now living in Boston .
She is a so called bookworm .
Call her at .
I was out of words to say .
Twice I have tried to kill myself .
Bob can also drive .
Bob also can drive .
I heard nothing about that .
Are you saying that you give up ?
Who s going to believe that ?
What is your native language ?
Please don t tell your parents this .
That was the first time I d seen Tom so angry .
I ve just spoken to your French teacher and he says you re doing well in his class .
I ve just returned from the post office .
They gave away the ending .
Tom studied French for three years .
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English so they usually speak to each other in French .
My parents usually speak to each other in French even though my mother is a native English speaker .
Do you weigh more than Tom ?
Could you call me back a bit later ?
Is there anything in the box ?
Is there anything in the box ?
Don t put anything on top of the box .
Don t put anything on top of the box .
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak .
Tom speaks French a little .
Tom began to learn French about three years ago .
The key is on the table .
She said she had been happy .
If you buy me an ice cream I ll give you a kiss .
Did I say something I shouldn t have ?
Tom spends most of his spare time practising the guitar .
I love roads .
My name is Irakli .
I had four children .
I had two cars .
I ll give you money .
I ll give you an apple .
She is always at school .
The engineer is working in France .
That four year plan has to be approved .
I ate all my oranges .
What do you mean ? What do you want to tell me ?
How much is this umbrella ?
Are you a chemistry student ?
I was poor at English .
He often comes to see me .
She is wearing dancing shoes .
That s one of the things that I like about Tom .
If not now when ?
No ! Absolutely not !
Um . . . can we join your group ?
This deal is mine so you need to just settle down and agree with me .
Well . . . the teacher said that we have to go into a group of people so this isn t going to work .
I m sure that it ll be fun !
Junior why don t we go into a group together ?
This store has lots of great gifts .
 I m going to count up slowly to three Mary and you ll wake up . I m already awake Mister Kant . 
Being at least bilingual is a must in today s world .
The students went all over the classroom looking for their friends and buddies unfortunately to the point at which Junior couldn t find anyone !
Okay ! Does everyone understand ?
We ll be going outside to observe nature for this . Thus a good pencil eraser and possibly a paint brush are required .
Alrighty kids ! So for this art project all of you guys will split into groups of people .
There is absolutely no reason that you should even attempt to speak with the Chinese girls or at least these ones . They re so rude !
You d better eat something .
It would be better if you would eat more .
You d better eat !
In life you gain and lose things but also can t force things to happen .
Courage is a strange thing One can never be sure of it .
Bro what s your last name ?
Don t get angry at me !
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor .
Who is your favourite director ?
Don t worry about what he said .
Tom died in an accident .
Christmas gingerbread also called honey cake is a traditional German dessert .
He was opposed to monopolies .
This restaurant is particular about cutlery .
Everyone s used to calling Shanghai M d and calling Beijing D d .
Alaska is a U .S . state .
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply he will never show his love to her but merely keep it in his heart .
You should not be rude towards beauties and you should not waste good wine . You must keep these two things in mind in the future .
Personal privacy is a joke .
This newspaper is well known in the local area .
Do you have deep sea phobia ?
This person s worldview is officially unhealthy .
If the Earth went into an Ice Age next month how would you prepare ?
I hear that the network is very popular now .
How frustrated must a person be to commit suicide ?
What a pity that there are more foolish people than smart ones .
Is it more idiomatic if I say it like this ?
Nothing can keep me from yearning for freedom .
The first time feels like a sunny day .
There are many people living near us .
Whose car is this ?
Could you tell me the Wi Fi password ?
With the increase of cars the air pollution has gotten worse .
It s too late to apologize .
I don t know how to say this in Japanese .
There are so many example sentences using Tom and Mike . It s very strange .
This is a nice place but I don t want to live here .
I never hide things from you .
He is too young to undertake this work .
The Old Testament forbids eating shellfish .
Tom can t sleep without a light on .
She again told tales out of school .
Don t worry I m sure that I can find someone else !
We re sorry Ami but you can t be part of our group because it would . . . you know . . . exceed the people per group limit .
I m sorry Tom but seeing how much you ve disappointed me I m afraid that I am unable to believe in your abilities .
I don t want to marry a stupid man !
How tall do most palm trees grow ?
Ever tried . Ever failed . No matter . Try again . Fail again . Fail better .
Tom was the best friend I ve ever known but he also disappointed me .
Wherever you go I will go too .
Are you saying Tom s hiding something from us ?
Instead of him my brother was arrested .
To hope is better than to despair .
You re the one who decided to do this job right ?
You chose this job yourself right ?
Everyone here already seems to be with a partner . . . what am I going to do ?
I m living the dream .
Am I seriously the only one who isn t bilingual here ?
Tom s eyes were glued to the screen .
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you .
Man is the only animal that talks .
I d like to dance .
Man is the only animal that can talk .
Don t make fun of me . I m serious .
Why should it be necessary ?
Not all Germans like to drink beer .
What does this key unlock ?
What got him so upset ?
Did you bring them ?
Doing the laundry is my job .
He does not want any kind of flowers .
He aimed but missed .
It feels like it s going to absorb you into another world .
What should I look for ?
They decided the date for the trip .
Are you able to play organ ?
Where else should we go ?
What steps should we take ?
Which way should we go ?
I really enjoy your company .
Why should anyone be surprised ?
Why should I hire Tom ?
Dan learnt about Linda s death in the news .
Why don t you go and join her ?
This is cold .
The huge explosion killed six people .
Goodbye Ian .
You re the most important person in my life .
He isn t home .
Dream on !
He isn t at home .
I can t approve the proposal by myself .
I spread cheese on bread .
You should be a diplomat .
You should know that s impossible .
Mama had a crippled face .
I think Tom needs something to write .
We are still doing well .
I yearn for the university .
I feel a yearning for the university .
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe .
There are daisies around the steel building .
There are daisies next to the steel building .
The truth and simplicity of nature is always the most important foundation of noteworthy art .
You have beautiful legs .
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black ?
In the evening quiet we enjoy the song of the euphonious nightingale .
Why should we help ?
I should ve declined .
Why should you think that ?
Are you finished ?
You should run for city council .
You should take up golf .
Tom made his servants eat in the dark .
Old dogs can learn new tricks .
Second best is never enough .
Courage is very important . Like a muscle it is strengthened by use .
He wants no kind of flowers .
Why should it be different ?
He left for Europe a week ago that is on the tenth of May .
My father is retiring next spring .
That s the other reason I m here .
Tom can t tie a tie .
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time .
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary s place .
I saw more than Tom knows .
Tell Tom I ll be there in a minute .
Everybody is alive .
Maybe we should talk .
I ve got to try to find Tom .
What are those numbers ?
We have a problem here .
That s exactly what I wanted to see happen .
Tom needs to get into shape .
We lost it .
Tom has recently become forgetful .
He plays golf two or three times a month .
He was sitting there .
We have no choice but to risk it .
Did you get my letter ?
We re both reasonable people .
Are you not feeling well ?
Let s talk about this tomorrow .
Put your guns down .
Tom dealt the cards .
Is Tom able to speak French ?
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom ?
Tom was dressed like a pirate .
We ll meet again .
Do you know me ?
He is an honest person and he will always be lied to .
Is Tom illiterate ?
Hang on till I get to you .
We almost had Tom convinced .
I saw a helicopter flying overhead .
We have all we need for now .
How do we get out of here ?
I don t know whether Tom will eat with us or not .
Tom doesn t pay much attention to how he dresses .
Tom was a little late .
Were you able to do it ?
Mary grabbed her purse and left .
When I was a child I used to swim in that pond .
I m going to check .
I haven t started anything yet .
I like your shoes .
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance .
Tom is anxious to see you .
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework .
You re drinking out of my cup .
That s a huge challenge .
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here .
Tom says he s not feeling any better .
If I were you I d want to know what Tom is doing right now .
I think Tom is awake .
Tom said he read a book about this ship .
I was just talking about Tom .
Would you give me a hint ?
My car cost more than yours did .
They work really hard .
Breathe through your nose .
Is that all you have to do ?
Both you and I are men .
Tom s eyesight is deteriorating .
Tom ate only one sandwich .
Tatoeba Better to make no sense than no sentence !
I know what it s like to lose someone .
Tom was not apologetic .
What do you two do for fun ?
Let me die .
This dictionary is mine .
Ask him his name .
What happened that night ?
I love spending time with Tom .
We re out of stock now .
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine .
I dialed Tom s number .
We took a walk in the park .
Is a common European identity possible ?
We kept our fingers crossed .
Tom often goes cross country skiing .
That thought crossed my mind .
Tom can t cross the border .
Your name has been crossed off the list .
It didn t cross my mind .
Some people criticized our decision .
Shouldn t Tom be doing this too ?
People should get more involved .
People are counting on us .
According to a study published in Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country .
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven .
I m sure that it ll be fun .
We re still doing well .
Judy looked at me .
I have time .
I ve got time .
Yesterday he saw a big man .
Don t you ever give up ?
I still can t believe I did it .
Do you understand what he s saying ?
Why would I lie ?
This pencil is white .
This desk is used by me .
My sons are soldiers .
When was the last time you talked to Mary ?
He didn t speak to me at all .
Do you like your work ?
Don t worry . I ll protect you .
The stone is heavy .
Mr Ito teaches history .
Europeans tried to civilise the tribe .
I am Armenian .
I don t want to go home .
You don t know them .
I have two cats .
My mother opened the door very carefully .
People usually don t like what they don t understand .
Arabic is read from right to left .
Do you need to buy anything ?
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem .
He s also just a politician .
You must be joking ! I can t find my passport !
I don t know if there s time .
I don t know whether I have time or not .
This chair is really comfortable to sit on .
I m British .
Do you miss me ?
I m a swot .
Are you afraid of insects ?
Are you afraid of bugs ?
PHP is the best language in the world .
I don t want to eat .
Whose car is this ?
Tom likes me the most .
This dog jumped .
Are we afraid of dying ?
We cannot see them .
We can t see them .
How do you know ?
He has long hair .
My father is a good person .
This is my camera .
His salary is high .
There is a bottle of wine on the table .
I was overseas at the time .
I want to see your boss .
I don t like animals .
 Is she coming too ? I hope so . 
I m grateful for what Tom did .
Did they sign ?
Did they sign ?
Did they sign ?
Did they sign ?
Look at that lovely house of Mary s .
He differs from his brother .
Set me free !
Tom isn t a fool .
Hello !
I don t understand .
I go to school .
Can I have a few words with you ?
On some OS s you get gibberish for filenames with full width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename .
They will follow her .
Bring me a glass of water .
Smoking is prohibited .
Please don t say that .
How much time is left ?
It s true that she s dead .
Why should I apologize to you ?
What can I say ?
Goodbye !
I can read German but I can t speak it .
Where was this picture taken ?
He is tall .
Don t talk rubbish .
Are you serious ?
Do you really mean that ?
Which do you prefer dogs or cats ?
May I ask how old you are ?
Help yourself and God will help you .
Yep .
Give a hug to your parents before you get far away from your hometown .
Do you have a TV ?
He writes the Chinese characters very well .
There is no time to explain .
Fear comes from the unknown .
Broad safety measures were put into effect .
He likes to go to the beach sometimes .
Gandhi was right .
The following is the project s progress .
My father was happy with the result .
I love to watch people s reactions when I say who I am .
You need to have quick reactions to play these computer games .
What is happiness ?
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it ?
Do you want to know why I quit ?
You didn t say a word .
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action .
She s being considered for the job .
I d like some time to consider before I make a decision .
This expression is very Chinese .
I was poor at English .
He recounted the accident to me as if he had seen it with his own eyes .
The government clearly stated its intention to lower taxes .
My opinion is the opposite .
He unexpectedly called you stupid .
Despite everything he is still playing dumb .
I am waiting for approval .
Do you believe that he is telling the truth ?
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky .
The actress skin has makeup on it .
He has gotten fat .
Today is Friday . The weekend starts already tomorrow !
He feels powerless about his own life .
She devoted all her spare time to fishing .
The light is too dim for me to read easily .
He felt compelled to report the incident .
Don t try to force me !
Someone has been here .
Don t be nervous .
We hope Tom is OK .
I hope Tom loses .
He was laughed at by his friends .
He s gone to Nagoya on business .
He s gone to Nagoya on business .
Do you know who they are ?
Are you really willing to help ?
These pants fit me well .
Don t go for a walk naked !
Smog was very heavy today .
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon .
Tom didn t let me answer Mary s question .
Tom and I aren t friends . We re just coworkers .
You need to seek help .
Help us reach our goal .
We help each other out .
What kind of songs does Tom sing at karaoke ?
Is there anyone that you like right now ?
You re wearing short sleeves . . . aren t you cold ?
Happy International Women s Day !
I sing well .
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more .
I think it necessary for you to study harder .
Passing through the strong wind the planes rock like this but don t worry .
Some are deceived by fair words .
May I have coupon tickets ?
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays .
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker s .
We enjoy reading books .
I had a really bad nightmare last night .
Where do you work now ?
Tom followed Mary into the room .
You re impatient .
Tom needed treatment .
How long did it take you to write this report ?
Tom is looking for a good job .
I hope we find Tom .
Tom used to work here .
We ll come back tomorrow .
Why am I still here ?
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard .
Wait !
How come ?
He stretched his arm .
The reporter rented an expensive room .
That man the child of whom is very friendly .
You d better go to the infirmary .
Steve looks quite happy .
Let s meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning .
It s all your fault .
You re an optimist .
When she was thirteen she ran away from home .
I ll let Tom tell you .
Tom has been quite cooperative .
Tom didn t look happy at all .
We ve been watching you .
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French .
Be at the station at o clock sharp .
Tom didn t tell me he didn t know how to swim .
There s no one in your bedroom .
They were scolded by the teacher .
You can no longer hurt me .
How did Tom get out of jail ?
She is graceful .
We often talk about the weather .
Where is my newspaper ?
Tom doesn t have a dad .
I can t believe anyone anymore .
I can t believe anyone anymore .
I was compelled to follow her .
I couldn t help but follow her .
Legal terminology is usually incomprehensible to non specialists .
I was very sober at the time .
I am writing my internship report .
She has never seen the ocean .
Don t tell him that I m here .
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare .
There are lots of people who say that s a lie .
The beach was packed with tourists .
The best way to solve unemployment is to work .
Congratulations !
You got off easy .
When happiness comes knocking at your door .
Knock on the door of happiness .
Money cannot buy happiness .
Money can t buy happiness .
Did you carry out your plan ?
That is the man I see every day on the train .
I always forget people s names .
Why ?
A lot of people sure tell lies .
Today is Wednesday .
Sorry !
Don t know .
Thomas swam .
Did Thomas get sick ?
Don t respond to that .
Tom swam .
I do not fear death .
Don t rely too much on others .
Stop bugging me !
Do you know who invented the telegraph ?
I like to play board games .
His salary rose .
I am leaving work so let s talk another day .
All of these sentences need a full stop .
I like surrealism .
How are you feeling ?
How do you feel ?
How re you feeling ?
It is said that the Japanese are very friendly to those that they know and very indifferent to those they don t .
It doesn t seem very fair to treat him like this .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
They are all wearing uniforms .
The two sentences are both coherent .
A lack of exercise is bad for your health .
Everyone is here now .
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them .
Tom always meddles in affairs that do not concern him .
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all ?
People shouldn t be allowed to invade countries whose names they can t pronounce correctly .
Everything was only a joke .
Switzerland isn t Sweden .
I despise you .
They say that I m an old woman .
How many people work there ?
I cannot bear this pain .
Wood may remain ten years in the water but it will never become a crocodile .
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise .
When a woman is talking to you listen to what she says with her eyes .
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom .
When Mike returned to Jane s house she was sleeping .
You like Bob more than Tom .
They decorated the room .
The little girl opened the window .
He made a speech .
How long did that take ?
They bought the same camera as you .
I began to learn Esperanto .
It s a lot of fun to learn Esperanto .
Price reflects demand .
We have reached a partnership agreement .
Can I get my money back ?
Russia is facing great financial difficulties .
Tom can t swim .
Tom has high blood pressure .
Tom has low blood pressure .
Do you like swimming ?
Tom s eyes are blue .
Tom has blue eyes .
What kind of a person is Tom ?
Tom runs fast .
Tom is really handsome .
Tom s laughing .
Tom is laughing .
Tom fell asleep .
Tom made a choice .
Tom is a clever kid .
I feel like everybody s watching me .
Tom is swimming .
I m single .
Tom got fat .
I can see Tom .
Tom sat down .
That changed everything .
I also like you .
Does Tom drink coffee ?
We re waiting for Tom .
We are waiting for Tom .
Tom isn t an angel .
Tom is not an angel .
I m looking for you .
I am looking for you .
She married him .
He s an author .
He is an author .
Time is money .
Tom had a heat stroke .
We re good friends nothing more .
Tom is a Vietnam veteran .
Two persons were killed when an elevated bike path collapsed in Rio .
A bike path collapsed in Rio .
An elevated seaside bike path collapsed in Rio .
Tom took part in a local bike race .
You re not going in the right direction .
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm .
He paid no attention to her .
She paid no attention to him .
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten .
Tom smiled at Mary and she smiled back .
I interviewed him .
Tom sat on a tree trunk .
Why did you not tell me the truth ?
Do you know for sure that Tom is behind that ?
Tom admitted that he is afraid .
Tom admitted his fear .
Limit the consumption of white sugar and salt .
What am I hearing now ?
I know that gentleman only by name .
I do not know that dance .
I do not know how to read nor write .
I cannot lift him .
I worked for him for ten years .
My hand was burned .
Is there any difference whether I clean my room today tomorrow or the day after tomorrow ?
That piece of furniture is not fitting for the living room .
The animals already ate enough .
In my opinion the meeting was a success .
The accident happened right before our eyes .
The number of officials doubled last year .
He needs to be punished .
My parents are divorced .
It makes sense .
Sensing danger he ran away .
Destroy this temple .
My hobby is visiting old temples .
Tom wanted to say goodbye .
Who likes beans ?
Tom is quite drunk now .
Tom never did what we asked him to do .
No arrests were ever made .
I m glad we hired you for this job .
Everyone was fine .
It s bad manners to point at people .
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee .
You should stay away from Tom .
Don t forget to take out the garbage .
I don t doubt it .
I ve tried to contact Tom .
Tom will never see you again .
Tom will never see you again .
Tom will never see you again .
Tom glanced away .
Tom didn t understand what the teacher said .
Tom gave Mary a flashlight .
Everybody will die .
Tom needs a change of scenery .
Why do that now ?
I hope I m not boring you .
Shame on you guys .
I m very lonely .
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time .
I had a vision .
I had a vision .
Tom follows orders .
I haven t done that since high school .
I have a few friends who speak French well .
Tom s mother is a nurse at the hospital that s across the street from where Mary lives .
Both Tom and Mary can speak French .
I was quite annoyed .
He behaved like a madman .
He will be very busy next month .
I thought Tom would enjoy the party .
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago .
I ripped my pants .
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary .
How many hours a day do you sleep ?
That s exactly how I feel .
I saw you kissing Tom .
Is anything bothering you ?
Tom is used to getting up early .
Tom was popular .
I think you re stupid .
You should ve told me yesterday .
I have to say no .
Are you still living with your parents ?
This is a stupid design .
This is really terrible .
Tom says he left a note .
Who else uses this room ?
Tom had a lot of problems at the school .
They were afraid .
Tom doubled his investment in a year .
Tom took over after I left .
That s no big deal .
Tom searched inside the closet .
I talked to Tom last night .
I can call Tom if you want .
I ll be flying to Boston .
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her .
I wonder if anything happened to him .
Someone is watching .
I ll send a letter to my mother .
Come on . I want to show you something .
Tom is overweight .
I want some fresh eggs .
Tom felt hungry .
Is anybody in there ?
Tom is a good friend of Mary s .
Have a nice day Tom .
It was amazingly easy .
I wonder why nobody told me .
It took a long time to take in what she was saying .
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray .
Please eat some cake .
You look very good .
I think you re really amazing .
Do you think Tom is too young ?
You don t believe Tom do you ?
You need to know .
Tom doesn t really love Mary .
I want you to sleep on it .
Do you have a lot of pens ?
I don t want to lose you again .
Tom asked for Mary s permission to leave early .
You didn t protect me .
We went to the races .
Tom decided not to wait .
During the exam Tom cheated off Mary .
You have to be proactive .
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size but the clerk told him that wasn t allowed .
Don t you miss anything ?
Tom can t afford this .
It s going to rain for sure .
I ve never seen Tom so angry .
My mother was an alcoholic .
I m going to be a millionaire .
Tom frequently talks in his sleep .
We don t live in Boston .
I m doubling my prices .
I can t keep up with Tom .
I tried to convince Tom to come home .
I really don t sing .
I have an urgent message from Tom .
Tom is obese isn t he ?
I wanted to smack you .
Tom lied to the others .
Let s go as soon as it stops raining .
I didn t want to humiliate you .
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight .
I want you guys to do me a favor .
It s so hard .
There was complete silence .
Tom isn t dumb .
Tom should ve finished it by now .
Tom got rid of his old books .
I want my dinner brought to my room .
Tom heard a shout .
I won t be fooled .
Tom asked me to tell you he didn t plan on going to Boston with you .
Dozens are still missing .
I m a big football fan .
She wrote him a long letter but he didn t read it .
Deal with them .
I threw away my shoes .
Tom mostly kept to himself .
I can t even remember what Tom looks like .
Tom asked me about you .
It rarely snows in this area .
Here s how we do it .
Why would they need to do that ?
Tom I want you to handle this one .
You seem to know everything .
They all have come .
We didn t get an apology .
She told him that she believed in astrology .
We want Tom .
I consider myself fairly fluent in French .
How do I sign up ?
What I want is some peace and quiet .
I had fun last night .
Let me ask a stupid question .
Can you tell me a little about yourself ?
It s none of your business .
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack .
Are you feeling under the weather ?
Let your hair down a little .
We were driven to the wall .
It is high time you were in bed .
A fish out of water .
I m as hungry as a horse .
He is my Mr Right .
He is just a Mr Nobody .
Perfect !
Wonderful !
Listen .
Stop grumbling .
Money talks .
Please hurry .
Look out !
Wash up .
All aboard !
Listen carefully .
Work slowly .
Drive slowly .
Step aside .
Sit tight .
Who cares ?
Study hard .
Hello Tom .
Behave yourself .
Stop talking .
Years passed .
Straighten up .
Grab him .
He tries .
He accelerated .
She tried .
She smiled .
She cried .
She walks .
That hurts .
Turn around .
Turn right .
Thanks anyway .
Stuff happens .
Kiss me .
Stop that !
He ran .
You run .
He runs .
Someone came .
Keep listening .
Trust me .
Champagne please .
Everybody lies .
Tom blushed .
Be realistic !
Tom disappeared .
Read this .
Open fire !
Hop in .
Tom overslept .
It snowed .
Quit gambling .
Look around .
Oh no !
Get real .
Nice timing .
Hold on .
I bought an old lamp .
He hung a lamp from the ceiling .
Dogs bark .
They won .
Stay sharp .
Welcome back .
Keep trying .
Look there .
Call security !
Stop meddling .
Call home !
Nobody asked .
Stop reading .
Join us .
Please reconsider .
Stay down !
Keep reading .
Lie still .
Hurry home .
Pace yourself .
Release him .
Stand back !
Everyone noticed .
Hang on !
Coffee please .
Stop yelling !
How beautiful !
How curious !
How lovely !
Keep it .
Take it .
Try some .
Call us .
Be nice .
Be kind .
Be fair .
Be calm .
We laughed .
Stand aside .
Please sing .
Stop staring .
Feel this .
Follow us .
Get Tom .
Grab that .
Grab this .
Grab Tom .
Hold fire .
Show me .
Stop shooting .
Break it up !
The family manager is a profession occupation vocation .
He is a dentist by profession .
Don t quit your day job .
Tom sneaked up behind Mary .
Tom s thrilled .
Tom watched in horror .
I heard a car pull up .
Will I have a scar ?
Tom s check bounced .
You ll bounce back .
Action !
You re your own worst enemy .
You ll never see that again .
You ll never know the truth .
You sound like a politician .
You have to start somewhere .
You have to have confidence .
Will this year be different ?
Who can tell the difference ?
Where are those posters now ?
Where are those people from ?
What s your opinion on that ?
What s the weather like now ?
What s the idea behind that ?
What s so special about Tom ?
What were the meetings like ?
What was that meeting about ?
What trips are you planning ?
What do you want to tell me ?
I won t stay here for long .
We re not scared of anybody .
We re going downtown .
That actually makes a lot of sense .
Life is very hard .
Why did you begin without me ?
Don t begin without me .
Tom is old enough to go to school .
Tom is teaching me to how to sail .
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said .
Tom is reading a book in his room .
Tom is waiting in the living room .
Tom is waiting for Mary to return .
Tom is anxious to know the result .
Tom has been really busy recently .
Tom knows how to behave in public .
Watch yourself .
How awful !
Look back !
We try .
Follow me .
Drive carefully .
Get down !
Try hard .
Keep quiet !
Wake up !
Ghosts exist .
Please come .
Hey relax .
Come home .
Anything else ?
Excuse me ?
I forgot .
Time flew .
Catch him .
Stay there .
Smoke appeared .
Stop resisting !
Stop gawking .
Oh hush !
I resign .
I quit .
He came .
Please continue .
Move quietly .
Move over .
Call me .
Back off .
Just relax .
We know .
How annoying !
Everything matters .
Wait here .
Step inside .
We succeeded .
Ignore Tom .
Wood floats .
We understand .
Skip it .
Be still .
Cuff him .
Drive on .
Humor me .
Leave me .
Tom quit .
Tom smiled .
Tom waved .
Tom yawned .
Who died ?
Tom died .
Who won ?
I won !
They kissed .
Stop whining .
Time will tell .
She has died .
He couldn t go against his principles .
I am not in a situation to discuss this problem .
Can you lend me some money ?
Which film do you like most ?
My bike was stolen when I went shopping .
He was born in Greece .
I m in Spain .
weather forecast
Your father is a gorilla .
I know your busy too .
She cried all bloody night .
I didn t dream in the night .
Open your mind .
He promised not to tell lies again .
He is old enough to drive a car .
You should learn how to control yourself .
You should learn how to control that mood of yours .
We wear a uniform at school .
He got back from Sydney today .
Sydney is miles away from here .
I can t see you .
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction at the noise .
You ll get used to the dorm life pretty quickly .
Most of the residents on this street are wrong uns .
I don t even know what you are called mate .
I have almost finished my work .
It won t budge one bit .
If he says it is Monday it is Monday .
The American mission is to eliminate communism from the world .
Where did all that self confidence come from ?
Fuck this I m done spent way too much money .
So you can t even remember what you said ?
How do you make this soup ?
Can you eat this ?
The problem is I don t have anything to say to him .
The camera has been borrowed by someone else .
I agree with your opinion .
Which one ?
Tom s got a sore throat .
I just want you to give me back that book you borrowed a few days ago .
Why are you so good at cooking ?
I never expected I would end up crying today .
Looks like its gonna be a long old day .
Why is the summer holiday not here already !
The best wealth is knowledge average wealth is children and the smallest wealth is material objects .
When there is no tigers in mountains the monkey becomes the king .
Because he was just like a child he yielded to temptation .
I want to spend my life with Mary .
Don t play with matches .
 What if you re wrong ? I m not wrong . 
Brazil has almost million inhabitants .
Give me the book back once you ve finished reading it .
I know you re bothered .
Nobody would ve gotten hurt if we d been more careful .
Tom could see Mary was about ready to cry .
By chance I met my professor at a restaurant last night .
When was the last time you fasted ?
I want to see you first .
I heard about them .
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning ?
Please don t speak to me .
This should be attempted .
It was a blast .
Tom hasn t complained about anything yet .
The day will come when you will realize it .
I m going to help them .
Couldn t we wait a little longer ?
I shouldn t have to do all this work by myself .
Let s review .
Has Tom already cleaned his room ?
I was at my best after a good sleep .
It happens that we have the same birthday .
This song is familiar to me .
Do you eat breakfast every day ?
I m glad you re not in my circle of friends .
A cab is waiting .
You re afraid to sleep aren t you ?
Do you like hanging out with Tom ?
I must ask you to do just that .
I need to jump start my car .
She borrowed my scissors .
I m not pregnant .
Dreams sometimes do come true .
I took care of her .
He didn t study at all .
I plan to accept the offer from that company to become their marketing department s manager .
The objectives of the marketing department and the sales department are not necessarily the same .
Those two departments are sometimes at odds with each other .
I fight for my family .
His dream is to become an aerospace engineer .
Before you go out remember to check the gas is turned off .
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives .
Every now and then they clash over their differences .
I am fighting for my future .
Tom shut his eyes .
Tom still hasn t tied the knot .
Tom is pissed .
My Chinese is far from perfect but I can roughly understand everything he is saying .
Why didn t you turn up on Saturday ?
As soon as you start misbehaving Father Christmas will not come to see you .
If you are tired just let me know .
Ah I forgot to ask . Before you said you hadn t seen the umbrella . Have you found it since ?
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer so I ll take the opportunity to taste some .
I have not seen my parents in a long time my boss has sent me to England for a business trip I ll use the opportunity to visit my parents .
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones .
Don t worry about it .
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour .
The boy fell of fright when he saw a ghost .
I happened to be free last Sunday .
I think Tom is from Australia .
My grandmother is already more than ninety years old .
Is your sister older than you ?
I think that he s from Italy .
 How long will you remain in Rome ? Until Tuesday . 
Is the food at the restaurant halal ?
Go home !
My car is German .
Why don t you ever cook ?
Don t you remember him ?
Do you have a pair of tweezers ?
Do you want to drink anything ?
Have you ever been robbed ?
Strawberry juice is good for the memory .
Human stupidity knows no limits .
How many countries are in Africa ?
This car is my father s but soon it will be mine .
In Italy they work five days a week .
We know very well where our developments will take us . Besides in the team everyone does as he pleases .
She s my best friend .
She is my best friend .
Why do you not answer ?
Tom is handicapped .
What did he look up ?
What do you guys do ?
A few fragments of dead leaves floated on the pond .
She rejected me .
What are you guys doing ?
And where do you want to sit ?
Just a little bit is enough for me .
Do you believe in ghosts ?
Do you believe in ghosts ?
Do you believe there are ghosts ?
Do you believe ghosts exist ?
How did you get this injury on your foot ?
Where did that injury on your foot come from ?
This table is missing a leg .
Today is Thursday .
He is old enough to drive .
After the residents leave the house is empty .
Are you used to living in the dorms ?
You should learn to control your emotions .
Sydney is the largest city in Australia .
Sydney is Australia s largest city .
His goal in buying land is to build a house .
He bought land for the purpose of building a house .
I didn t do anything during my vacation .
Over the holidays I didn t do anything .
Frankly speaking he is wrong .
She has a very open personality .
 To tell you the truth I am scared of heights . You are a coward ! 
China is much bigger than Japan .
Do you mind my smoking here ?
Come as you wish !
Which singer do you like ?
Did you eventually respond ?
Even if she doesn t like you you still have to finish the work .
Absolutely impossible .
If one day you realised that you are good for nothing what will you do ?
Pick food that are less in oil sugar salt and foods with high fibre .
My Lord I lose the game .
You are not answering the question correctly .
He has enormous potential .
Who ?
When ?
How ?
Where ?
I want to have a little look .
He s American .
She s American .
It s American .
My throat is parched .
He ll be back home tomorrow .
Shut the door .
 Who s that ? It s your mother . 
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes .
What is your home phone number ?
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased .
They are watching a movie .
You are skinny .
Please open the door .
My job is to wash dishes .
Humans are part of nature .
My friends all call me Tom .
Who is your favourite singer ?
Where is the assembly point ?
Where are we assembling ?
Do you believe in ghosts ?
I am different from Tom .
Be careful not to fall .
What is your favorite proverb ?
I guess I waited too long .
You are really smart .
This book sells well .
Tom wants to marry Marie .
Is it OK for me to come in now ?
Everything seems OK .
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said ?
How many eyes had the Cyclops ?
The party host had a Portuguese accent .
Reboot the computer .
Have you tried rebooting it ?
My laptop crashed .
Because he is wealthy he can go there .
I don t want to go to church today .
The vase was shattered .
Could you give a simple self introduction ?
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture .
Linda likes eating chocolate .
I cry every time I watch this movie .
 I need to inspect the wound said the doctor .
You can use a telescope to look at the stars .
You want to watch a French film is that right ?
We have to thoroughly investigate it .
He is from the United States .
The difference between a standalone sentence and a sentence in the middle of an essay is that the latter has context .
Lions wolves elephants and horses are all animals .
I asked because I thought you knew .
She was the last guest .
Is it really possible ?
I want to go to Hawaii .
My father has a restaurant .
At first there will be many unrecognized words and grammatical forms but don t be scared .
Auckland is a city in New Zealand .
Dad bought a book for me .
I think this is true .
I don t understand any French .
The computer is undoubtedly a valuable tool .
You should help him .
Even if you don t want to you have to go .
He s really interested in biology .
China developed very quickly .
What were the contents of the letter ?
He had no friends no money no home . . .but he played happily all the same .
There s no need to hail a taxi .
I believe the medium size will fit you better .
What were you doing when I called you yesterday ?
Chinese is a language that has four tones .
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor .
You make a decision for yourself on this matter .
His class makes us despair .
I don t have friends to play with .
Don t look down on yourself because people have limitless possibilities .
The hunter chases the rabbit in the fields .
This mountain is meters tall .
I made a doll for Ann .
I still haven t found work .
It s warm so I turned on the electric fan .
He studies economics at university .
Please knock on the door .
You swim better than me .
What would you like to eat for dinner ?
Don t tell her anything .
The sun is about to set .
Not only does he like music he also likes sports .
No he s our business manager .
It has twenty children .
I want to speak .
Busy right now .
I m not a doctor .
I have two cats .
This year is .
I eat noodles .
I ve been to the area surrounding Shanghai .
If you study new words then use them more so that you will be able to more quickly memorize them .
I can understand most of what they say but I don t understand the slang they use in their speech .
I ve been very busy recently .
He loves his puppy . His puppy is really adorable .
The phone rang .
Mary hugged her doll .
Mary has three kids now .
Mary came on her own .
Look what happened .
Listen to this .
Like it or not we have to attend that meeting .
The stripes were horizontal .
The pressure was tremendous .
The neighborhood was silent .
The losses are incalculable .
Is Tom Canadian ?
It s warm in here .
I can t lend you any money .
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow .
I have no idea of what s going on in there .
What is your house like ?
That river is dangerous .
Is it true or did Tom make that story up ?
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship .
Everybody laughs .
I think he ll never return .
I envy her .
No love without envy .
Your success excites my envy .
I envy you your luck .
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have .
I have to say I envy you guys .
It s too small .
He tasted the cheesecake .
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality .
Where is the changing room ?
They fought for their liberty .
Oil does not mix with water .
Who s your favorite philosopher ?
Who s your favorite philosopher ?
They re fast runners .
I m your boyfriend .
I must be on my way .
My heart beats fast .
This pen is mine .
He left the building at about p .m .
Tom looked around but saw no one .
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes why don t you just give them up ?
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things .
She hasn t phoned since she went to London .
London was bombed several times .
London is different from Tokyo climatically .
London is no longer a city of fog .
London is on the Thames .
London where I live used to be famous for its fog .
Did you have a good time on your trip to London ?
In the London underground there is a warning to mind the gap when boarding the train .
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century .
The people of London are very proud of this bridge .
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city .
In London the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway .
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom .
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing .
Faster Tom .
Why are you asking me ?
Tom is my grandfather .
How did you get there ?
Don t try my patience .
Don t ask me anything .
Did you lock the door ?
Are you satisfied now ?
Are you afraid of Tom ?
Where is my umbrella ?
Tom has two children .
Please lock the door .
I ll ask Tom to wait .
Did Tom say anything ?
What s today s date ?
What did he ask you ?
Tom knows my number .
Don t be afraid to make a mistake .
I ve discovered something interesting .
Nick doesn t need to come to my office .
Tom doesn t have to go to Boston next week .
Freedom is very very important .
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston .
The same thing is happening here in Boston .
Here are some interesting links .
Here s something very important .
We ll be in Boston for another three weeks .
She did not turn up .
She disappeared .
She continued with the work .
She knows a lot about the latest fashions .
He will come back .
They installed a vending machine at work .
I love music particularly classical .
They let me go .
One must pay for freedom .
Happy to see you .
He doesn t eat raw fish .
This fruit is better than that one !
You can stay here till the snow stops .
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese .
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut .
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday .
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday .
She used to go to the movies on Sundays .
She saw a young man at the entrance .
We re waiting for the right time .
This is Tom s umbrella .
There is a cup on the table .
I m happy if you re happy .
I have heard her story before .
I ve heard her story before .
I can hear the sound in your mind .
I know a lot of French words but it s difficult for me to combine them into sentences .
Do you know how to drive this thing ?
I asked Tom why he wasn t here yesterday .
Did I miss the party ?
Tom was sent back to Boston .
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it .
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle . The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well .
Tell her that I am just joking with her .
Tell her that I am eating .
Tell her that I am sleeping .
Tell her that I am watching the news .
Tell her that I am driving .
I d like to send this package to Japan .
Could you keep this luggage until p .m . ?
I don t even want to think about what could happen .
Please copy this .
Can you copy this for me ?
We should give her some time .
Maybe we should give them a hand .
They re afraid of us .
Who invited you guys ?
Do you guys want something to eat ?
She gets up the earliest in my family .
She asked about my school .
She slapped me on the chin .
She began to cry at the sight of my face .
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me .
My memory of her has begun to recede .
She had begun to recede in my memory .
She complained to me of my small salary .
She gave my shoes a quick brush .
She seems to be in love with my brother .
She has a strong objection to my plan .
She ignored all my warnings .
She took care of my dog .
I m afraid she won t accept my explanation .
She took offence at my word .
She took my words as a joke .
She acknowledged that my statement was true .
No matter how rich a man may be he ought not to be idle .
No matter how old one may be one can learn .
She is older and wiser now .
She lived a lonely life .
The girls were asleep .
Everyone wants what they can t have .
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort pain difficulty .
Everybody was confused .
Don t you have to work ?
Brazil is the biggest country in South America .
How much sugar do we need ?
Don t let him play with your phone .
Don t let him run .
Don t let him bite you .
I m afraid there isn t any coffee left .
My underpants are wet .
Do you have a Facebook account ?
I deleted my Facebook account .
How much time do you spend on Facebook ?
Facebook is boring .
Why don t you quit Facebook ?
This is my page on Facebook .
Facebook is blocked in China .
Tom deleted his Facebook account .
I don t really use Facebook that much .
Do you know anyone who s not on Facebook ?
How many friends do you have on Facebook ?
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook ?
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook .
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account .
Looking at your Facebook friends photos is a waste of time .
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States .
Do I have to go to the party ?
Tom is in the shower .
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka .
Tom is in the hospital .
How long has George studied Portuguese ?
How long has George lived here ?
How long has George worked in Rio ?
We met in a coffee shop near the campus .
We met in . A year later we got married .
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us .
We live together .
We know what we re doing .
We just want to find Tom .
We just need a plan .
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here .
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System .
How many planets are there in the solar system ?
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system .
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System .
The Sun is in the center of the solar system .
The launch was successful . We re now leaving the solar system .
Mercury is the smallest of the eight planets in the Solar System .
Heroin isn t a good thing . Stay away from it !
This happens all the time .
She can t ride a bicycle yet .
We shouldn t expect too much help from Tom .
Please wake me up at six tomorrow .
Should I register for that class ?
Can I register for that class ?
You need to register by Monday .
I want to have this letter registered .
All participants must be registered .
Please send this by registered mail .
For the new year Liu s company gives every employee a bag of flour .
You re a real friend .
I gave Tom a going away present .
Do you have to make dinner ?
Of course I told her .
I told them you were hungry .
If Tom doesn t do what he s supposed to do please let me know .
Turtles don t have teeth .
I agree with Tom a hundred percent .
We still don t know why .
I ve never seen that guy before .
I ve already told you the truth .
What is the title of your new book ?
Tom s parents live in South America .
I want a dog .
Kid don t touch the mirror !
Latin was the language of religion and culture .
A computer is a complex machine .
I love my work very much .
I like my job very much .
Are you busy at work ?
He is a student he studies Chinese at the Universit degli Studi di Parma .
How was your summer vacation ?
He recently found a good job .
She woke up in the early morning .
I m not talking to you I m talking to the monkey .
I can speak neither English nor Spanish .
I m sorry I don t speak Portuguese .
I don t speak her language .
I don t speak his language .
Tom has been on the dole since the th of August when he lost his job .
There s a beach party tonight .
She made him a new coat .
She found employment as a typist .
Hey what are you doing here ?
We all felt sorry for Tom .
Everyone was surprised to see Tom .
I still can t believe you re married .
I love this car .
If it happened to Tom it could happen to you .
Whatever you say I ll do it my way .
I hope to retire from work when I m years old .
Hand me that laptop .
Tom and I were business partners .
If anything is to be called sacred it s the human body .
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon .
Nobody had the courage to say it to him .
His company didn t survive the crisis .
Are there beautiful women here ?
I need my coat .
Tom was caught driving without a license .
Tom is quite good at cooking .
This book is really old .
Let me introduce it .
Who took me here ?
Did you accomplish your goals ?
Tom has no money .
He has spent ten years in jail for murder .
The prisoner was behind bars for two months .
He is a killer he should be behind bars !
Our fence is made of iron .
I am yours and you are mine .
I am hers and she is mine .
How did he find us ?
I can t tell if you re joking .
Tom owes Mary thirty dollars .
Tom is not easily satisfied .
We don t need anyone else .
This book was very interesting .
Aren t you hot ?
The Quran has been translated into many languages .
Yesterday was Friday the day after tomorrow is Monday .
Have you already eaten at home ?
Where is it now ?
We know what s going to happen .
How do you say rugby in English ?
I never want to see her again .
She turned off the lights .
Here are some pictures .
Their apples aren t as good as our apples .
It must be a coincidence .
Let me introduce you to him .
Next time I ll come earlier .
When Christmas comes around I usually receive a lot of presents .
We do not know if he is coming or not .
I do not speak to him about this thing .
It will not rain tomorrow .
She s starting to like this house .
I studied for one hour .
I go to the library two or three times a week .
I must return home within a week .
I miss you so much .
I really want to see you .
Can you read ?
Tom knows many French songs .
This makes me so angry .
This makes me happy .
This makes me sad .
This makes me angry .
I miss Boston .
I miss Mary s cooking .
I miss my children .
She s what you call a delinquent mom but she s good at cooking and most importantly she s a really caring parent .
What do you think of Tom s cooking ?
What s your favorite way to cook potatoes ?
What s your favorite way to cook beans ?
What s your favorite home cooked food ?
Orange juice please .
Drink this juice .
Did they buy juice ?
This juice tastes sour .
Yes orange juice please .
Children want fruit juice .
I love elderberry juice .
We sell orange juice .
Do you like juice ?
Tom is drinking juice .
Did you buy juice ?
Children like fruit juice .
Tom drank some juice .
I love apple juice .
I would like fruit juice .
I prefer milk to juice .
Did they buy the juice ?
Tom drank some orange juice .
Tom brought Mary some juice .
I love passion fruit juice .
Tom drank his orange juice .
I want some orange juice .
I prefer milk over juice .
The girl drinks orange juice .
Tom drank my apple juice .
Tom is drinking apple juice .
Where s my apple juice ?
This apple juice is pure .
Daniel is making mango juice .
It s difficult for me to understand French when it s spoken quickly .
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election .
I have a corner in my liver just for you alcohol .
Tell him everything .
If you listen to foreign language songs feel tunes nice but do not understand the lyrics then you can not say you like this song can only say that like the tune .
It s been a long war .
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you .
I want to ask you some questions about Tom .
I ve got to stop her .
I m fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street .
It is by no means certain .
I offered it to them .
He s bound to forget .
No matter what I do she says I can do better .
He goes to school on foot .
Should one say thou or ye ?
Australia is the world s fifth largest coal producer .
I like fish .
It is rude of him not to give me a call .
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights .
Tom doesn t enjoy tennis and never has .
I was deeply impressed by the scenery .
Sometimes I can t help myself .
I want to talk to your boss .
Yesterday I became a god but found that a bit boring so today I became a devil .
We re going to paint the wall .
I think you should open an account here .
Last year in the Philippines earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than people .
Tom just never should ve done that .
What a lot of pens !
I m the one who wants to be with you .
He laid a charge against her .
You re a mean old man .
The darkness will work to my advantage .
Shouldn t you be studying ?
We can t leave him .
I need you to find him .
I can t convince them .
Tickets are available now .
He wants justice .
I was nervous too .
The participants were for the most part women .
Today our artificial satellites are revolving around the earth .
That can t be !
I had some calls to make .
I am the laziest person I know .
Don t you have any feelings for me at all ?
Are they treated fairly ?
Did anybody see him leave ?
What have I got to lose ?
This job pays pretty well .
Tom doesn t usually eat breakfast .
I knew you d find Tom .
You d better take it easy .
It would have been better if you d never been born .
Tom has been gone for ages .
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise .
Stay away from this guy .
That name is Ken .
The lady tolerated the man .
Business will recover soon .
The box wasn t empty .
You should put this phrase in parentheses .
The king is naked !
I want you to find them .
That s what Tom promised .
I still think about him all the time .
He has been to Hawaii several times .
He s highly intelligent .
Tom will be there won t he ?
You re a wonderful woman .
I m out of time .
The principal wants to talk to you .
Tom told Mary that she was right .
I m asking you what you think .
I got up early .
How fast Tom speaks !
I m going to get rid of all this stuff .
I m sorry I didn t call .
I knew I was going to win .
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not .
Tom needs to update his website .
I thank you very much for your kindness .
In this case the adjective goes before the noun .
I took off my hat and entered the church .
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him .
I d like to go to the mall .
Lately we ve entered the dog days of summer .
Don t try to intimidate me .
I owe everything to Tom .
I got a call from her .
Mary was born prematurely during a hour transcontinental flight .
You re the only one who can protect them .
You can dig dirt from the ground .
I made some mistakes on the test .
I m staying at the Hilton Hotel .
You are very competent .
Doesn t Tom have any friends ?
Marco bought his son a car .
I just had dinner with some of Tom s friends .
You must go to a foreign country for yourself .
The money you give them will be put to good use .
Tom s ordeal was far from over .
We ll be sure to look into it .
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn t have brakes .
I m not one hundred percent convinced of that .
It hasn t been easy for Tom to deal with Mary s health problems .
I am worried about him .
He has been to many places .
People must love one another .
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka .
This is the man who s suspected by the police .
May you succeed !
The twins are indistinguishable from each other .
Tom has to speak French every day at work .
Maybe we should take a step back before we fall ?
Were you serious about that ?
Tom is going to run for mayor .
Three voted against the idea .
Ladies and gentlemen due to an accident at the airport our arrival will be delayed .
I do not know whether it is good or not .
Tom will follow my advice .
Would you like me to take a look ?
I ve got something you ve got to see .
I d like a fish .
This theory is very controversial .
This old house is haunted .
All my friends will be there .
Tom may have left already .
Tom plays chess very well .
Tom plays the violin well .
I like football .
Chemistry gave us plastics .
Tom didn t give me what I asked him for .
Give me some water be so kind .
I actually agree with you .
My boss is keeping me pretty busy .
You remember it ?
I am Finnish but I speak also Swedish .
She followed him home to find out where he lived .
This flower smells sweet .
They were good .
His wife is a friend of mine .
This is a hammer . It s not mine I borrowed it from a friend .
Is that the station ?
I lived in Rome .
You should make notes .
He took a taxi to get there in time .
She woke up .
I ve already put Tom to work on it .
We ve been waiting for hours but he hasn t come .
We may never know .
See you in two days .
Oh ! I m not deluding myself !
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent .
We have to do a great deal of reading .
Tom was making French fries .
The guy with a beard is Tom .
I know . I was there .
Tom nodded approval .
He laughed wholeheartedly .
Don t waste your time .
Be not afraid of life . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact .
You re partially correct .
I ll see him before that .
Be friendly .
Tom and Mary are very hungry .
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston .
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles ?
I can t believe Tom just did that .
I met him on the street by chance after many years .
She has to take a remedial course in English .
I go to bed at eleven .
Daylight savings is over today .
 Can you move over a bit ? Yeah sorry I didn t realize I took up that much space . 
They all did it .
I come from Shikoku .
She definitely took the wrong bus .
I am Siberian .
Do you have a bird ?
Is there a car that seats twenty five ?
I feel like I have been here before .
I got to know her in France .
Why are you wearing that scarf ?
I was serious when I said I love you .
She married a wealthy old man .
I plan to go to America next year .
He finished the steak then ordered another portion .
Why is there no world peace ?
I will not abandon you .
Let us suppose she is here .
If you can come I will be very happy .
Children like drinking fruit juice .
I drink fruit juice .
My mother and I are completely different .
Please wake me up at .
Drink a cup of water .
Tom swims .
What did I hear ?
I cannot do this .
A lot of people climb the railing and even litter .
I always knew I was born to do this work .
Do not yell into my ear .
You should speak with Tom .
That is a beautiful place .
We do what we want to do .
He likes to read the Chinese book his father wrote in America .
That person writing the letter in the classroom is my friend .
You know everything right ?
He hurried out the door and accidentally forgot the key at home .
Is he graduating this year ?
I am going to buy some things .
What do you want to buy for him ?
Tomorrow night they will all go to Beijing University to attend class .
Bring your student ID card .
Then what if it s not ?
Do not eat anything before you go to bed .
Maria is the blonde one .
This is a good movie .
Can I ask you some questions ?
We do not have time to finish our report .
That place is very cold .
I am so thirsty probably because I ate pizza yesterday night .
People s emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable .
My grandmother lost her memory .
Let me be nervous about this .
Please arrive a bit later next time .
I like to drink pumpkin soup .
Then we will go clothes shopping after five o clock alright ?
You work at nine o clock .
Yesterday was what day of the week ?
I am at home at five o clock .
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew .
This car can go thirteen kilometers for every liter of gasoline .
I have a son and a daughter . My son lives in New York and my daughter lives in London .
Her nervousness was noticeable .
I didn t want to see them again .
He doesn t listen .
You should be good to your neighbors .
I paid yen for this book .
The picture is nice .
He studies Chinese too .
He studies Chinese too .
She studies Chinese too .
She s learning Chinese too .
He also studies Chinese .
I do not for a moment think you are wrong .
Is it next Monday that Tom returns ?
My older brother is a very enthusiastic soccer fan .
I was truly astonished .
I ll give him a hand .
That s all I could find .
You don t look so happy .
They reported seeing the incident .
He spoke about you yesterday .
This may take a while .
How long are you going to be in Boston ?
He has a face only a mother could love .
Am I allowed to use this ?
What the hell are you looking at ?
The school year ended .
Did I leave my umbrella here ?
Tom went down the hill .
How many times have you seen this ?
It was one of the best nights I ve had .
I could not convince him of his mistake .
When he feels fine he goes for a walk .
I want to be the one who decides .
I m clearly missing something here .
My beloved is white and ruddy chosen out of thousands .
Oh what have I done ? What have I done ?
They won t find Tom .
Tom was an architect .
We have lots of catching up to do .
Tom tried to stab me .
We have our own problems to solve .
Tom sure talks a lot .
We have so many things left to do .
Tom slept until noon .
We have to come to some agreement .
Tom said he loved me .
We have to continue to do our jobs .
I have not eaten anything for the last three days .
I ve had a brilliant idea .
I have a lot of friends living in Boston .
Tom says he s tired .
He misses Boston .
Not all aliens are bad .
Tom is very important to me .
I slept on the bus .
Tom said he d be willing to do this .
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea ?
 The good die young is an old saying which may or may not be true .
She won t live much longer .
Let s have dinner together .
What don t you want us to see ?
What else do you want me to say ?
I ve never seen you so happy .
No one will talk .
He s not here .
I can hope for a miracle can t I ?
Could you help me translate this into French ?
Tom said he wasn t ready but Mary said she was .
Tom is the one I want .
You don t need to do this .
We should study English every day .
Tom is suspicious of Mary even though he declares otherwise .
I always think of him when I m alone .
Tom forgot to do his homework .
Tom got a late start this morning .
 That s a woman s job said Tom .
Have you ever broken your glasses ?
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle .
I can make that happen .
I m sure Tom wanted to come along .
I was struck by lightning .
That was you wasn t it ?
Going to bed early and waking up early is very good both for your health and appearance .
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day .
That makes us even .
Now tell us what we want to know .
Caution .
Don t lean against the wall .
This is a very tall tree .
Why don t we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand ?
Today I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around o clock .
This politician is a typical champagne socialist .
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby .
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did Mary wouldn t like it .
Tom can t account for his whereabouts on the day that Mary was murdered .
Do you really believe that s what happened ?
Tom was afraid to ask for help .
I buy donuts every Sunday after church .
Tom begged me to let him go home early .
It s none of your concern .
What do you usually eat for lunch ?
If only that lamp weren t shining in my eye .
I ll think it over carefully .
Doctors warn us of a possible danger .
Goodbye and good luck .
On the day of my birthday my friends made me drink and I caused quite an uproar .
England is synonymous with football fish chips and the Queen .
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office .
He knows who they are .
Don t tell my boyfriend .
That s Tom s mother .
I don t care all that much .
If you pass the exam how about we go to the bar to drink beer ?
I just said something very stupid .
Do you actually believe that ?
Whether you pass the Chinese exam or not let s go to the bar to drink beer .
I am going to water the horse .
Mary ruined me .
I don t know the end of the story .
I ve never lived on a farm but both of my parents grew up on farms .
I gave Tom one of those .
Calm down and listen to me speak from the beginning .
I need to complete it as soon as possible .
Her voice is very pretty .
French women are beautiful .
Don t say anymore !
Tom has always been very nice to me .
My mother is a good woman .
School starts next week .
A math teacher says With a calculator the child can reach the right answer but have no idea at all how he got there . 
Shall we walk ?
Tom should ve known better .
Tom wanted to see me .
Tom is a hick .
I got five hours sleep last night .
Will you excuse us for a moment ?
My problem is I don t trust you .
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs .
Did Tom give any other suggestions ?
Are you going to hurt her ?
I wasn t talking about him .
What are you doing down there ?
I am in Beijing right now .
His paralysis is progressing and soon he won t be able to get out of bed .
Tom biked km to the store to buy strawberries for his pregnant wife .
Where are you ? I am in the garden .
On the table there are some books .
 I ll be back said Tom .
Let s drink coffee while we talk .
Let s just enjoy this peace and quiet .
He is just that kind of person don t mind him .
I had a hard day .
Wonder is the true character of the philosopher .
I have a lot to learn from you .
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon .
A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves .
Tom seems tough .
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes .
Tom knows how to play mahjong I think .
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up .
Time waits for no one .
Take whatever you like .
He is very good at math .
His English is improving very quickly .
I don t know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday .
I want to but I can t .
The two of us are students .
Give me the book .
They don t want to grow old .
I memorized his name and address .
No one is caring for this patient .
I am still reading .
At the city center there are many tall buildings .
I don t know where you want to go .
They did not see anything .
I consider him my friend .
What are you writing ?
Today is the fifth .
Listen !
I am still reading .
No one is looking after this patient .
Tom is a robot .
You start working at nine .
You start working at nine .
What day was yesterday ?
What day was yesterday ?
What do you think of these poems ?
What do you think about these poems ?
You know everything right ?
He likes reading the Chinese book his father wrote in America .
For me that is not a problem .
He told me that whatever might happen he was prepared for it .
We sat as it were on a volcano .
Meg is filled with excitement .
It must be done more carefully .
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail .
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets .
Mutual understanding promotes peace .
You re really the best when and only when it comes to angering people .
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price .
It looks like he ll be coming here next month .
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer .
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up .
Tom canceled his hotel reservation .
Tom can t decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford .
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him .
Was it all an illusion ?
Do not read during the meal .
Tom is a decent sort of guy .
First Contact became humanity s salvation as it was at the brink of self destruction .
It s not quite ready yet .
This is an egg .
Tom took Friday off .
Nobody wants to visit my country .
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation .
I thought Tom had heard us .
Found anything interesting ?
Tom told him .
We must intervene .
It was terrible .
That s really nice .
We didn t break in .
Each page is an adventure .
I think that s awful .
I think you should make the deal .
I was the last one to see Tom .
They were worried .
The problem is he has no money .
I need glue .
Tom tried to control his emotions .
There s a guy in my yoga class .
Monkeys are fond of banana .
Tom was questioned by the police .
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door .
The next one s for you .
This is a bird sanctuary .
I was the one who had to tell Tom .
At least tell me where you re going .
Can you tell us a bit more about that ?
Maybe you could draw me a picture .
Did somebody hit Tom ?
Tom went back to his bedroom .
Tom is probably still studying French .
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately .
Do you have an extra key ?
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend ?
What if Tom is still alive ?
They loved her .
No one would hurt you .
I gave him a sedative .
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime .
We held hands once .
I know how to set a trap .
Why can t we have pizza ?
I don t want any excuses .
I want to learn Arabic .
He paid him four dollars .
I ve decided to go a little further .
I think it was wrong .
Upon arrival the firefighters discovered the house in flames .
The African ground squirrels collaborate and are not aggresive to other mammals .
We do the best we can .
Outside the school she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes .
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times .
You must account for your conduct .
Space science is still in its infancy .
Mr Ford is all right now .
My band name s Red Hot .
This plan will be very expensive to carry out .
You don t have to take an examination .
I never have an ice cream without feeling happy .
That was fabulous .
Although the government refuses to admit it its economic policy is in ruins .
The students are all at their desks now .
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her .
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers .
He told me that he was busy then .
He can speak French and obviously English .
She called up her mother on the phone .
She was always quarreling with her parents .
After all this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time .
You can express the sentence this way .
It was all more and more surprising .
Facts are stubborn things but statistics are pliable .
Mary offered Tom a gift .
Are you subscribed to the newspaper ?
Lady Catherine I have nothing further to say .
We could apply the theory of punctuated equilibrium to languages .
Please have a look at this book .
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow .
Tom got to Boston yesterday .
It would be nice to have a party .
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde .
Sometimes adults behave like children .
I have to sell my house .
Our company and its affiliates may share your personal information with each other .
I want Tom to win .
Do you want to get some lunch ?
Why don t you do it ?
You were eavesdropping .
The living room furniture was modern in style .
Tom is a racist .
I did everything by myself .
I certainly wouldn t want to be seen with Tom .
I ve always been smart .
I knew what Tom was doing .
I saw Tom three hours ago .
Perception is reality .
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake .
Tom won t let you in his house .
I d do anything for Tom .
I had no idea there d be this many people here .
They re both artists .
She was planting roses when he came .
The classified documents were hidden .
When I met Anka in Bucharest she was studying .
What does he do on Saturday afternoons ?
We re going out tonight .
You can count on it .
Do you think they noticed ?
Was that too much ?
Tom pushed his way through the crowd .
You re not trying to trick me are you ?
The door was kicked open .
Tom didn t go .
I wish that I could speak French better .
Perhaps it was worth it .
Tell me about some of the places you ve visited .
Washington s neocons should not push their aircraft carriers too close to Russia and China . These two countries have the weapons they need to pulverize them .
You shouldn t trust me .
Of course I told them .
Everyone left except them .
Dan s home phone was tapped by police .
Why did you show me this ?
Tom undressed and got into bed .
The flower is yellow .
I m now rich enough to afford to get anything I want .
That looks like blood .
 Hahaha ! We re going to make it rain boys ! By this time next week we ll be swimming in cash ! 
He was seriously injured in the accident .
So what if that s true ?
People used to laugh at us .
It was almost the perfect crime we arrived at the scene opened the trunk killed the man and cleaned up the prints but we forgot to hide the body .
I need to know what you think .
Palm oil production is the leading cause of deforestation in Indonesia .
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship .
Do you know how old I am ?
Do you know my age ?
Can you tell my age ?
Do you know how old I am ?
Do you know my age ?
I don t wanna know this .
I don t want to know this .
I do not want to know this .
I know I will win .
I know she is very cute .
I know she is very lovely .
I know she is in France .
Where are you from ?
Are you home ?
Are you home ?
Are you home ?
Are you all home ?
Why are you home ?
The sweat was dripping off my brow .
The doctor may have said so .
The population of the city is about .
How about going to see a movie tonight ?
The papers blew off .
She was listening to music .
Through which city does the Mississippi River pass ?
Is this all ?
Sure why not ?
He behaves as if he were insane .
Tom is asleep on the couch .
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands .
Things are not clearly defined .
Let s hope you don t need it .
We love Tom .
I was surprised .
Tom loves you .
Don t start without me .
I used to ride my bike at weekends .
A strange feeling came over me .
Diplomats are allowed various privileges .
We ve run short of money .
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours .
Enjoy yourself at the party John .
We would like you to come to our party .
He as well as you likes baseball .
Does Mike call his dog Pochi ?
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today s life style .
How do you make a box ?
The answer misses the point .
I will let you know in advance .
Don t get off the train till it stops .
He took the newspaper away from George .
He made a clean break with them .
It sounds like they re not going to leave .
The company cancelled the meeting .
We are determined to protect the motherland .
Tom doesn t even try to help Mary .
Tom didn t accept Mary s apology .
Tom saw the exhibits .
She couldn t attend that party because she was sick .
He was paid dollars .
Nothing is going his way .
She can do both at the same time .
She missed the deadline .
She broke the world record .
He pressured me .
She and I are brother and sister .
She and I are brother and sister .
I got something nice for you .
What if something gets broken ?
How many teams are there ?
Who s that guy ?
You re cuter than Mary .
I m going to lose .
I have to call Tom .
I think my French isn t very good .
I m never coming back here again .
Tom probably knew who I was .
What s your husband s name ?
I m going to go tell Tom .
How was the seminar ?
You could ve answered that question .
Tom did it again .
What accent have I got ?
Tom hates spiders .
I ve never seen so much blood in my life .
Who do you think they were ?
Tom has lived here since .
When I first came back to Boston I was really lonely .
Tell them we re coming .
We ve got a situation .
I found this in your desk drawer .
How come you re able to speak this language ?
I don t know why you don t like Tom .
I don t know your reasons for not liking Tom .
A single step and you will fall over the cliff .
Hard work and dedication will bring you success .
My father gave me a game .
She cursed loudly .
She didn t like her husband drunk .
The speaker s comments were highly offensive .
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen ?
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop .
Tom doesn t want to go alone .
I ve never been this happy before .
I don t know the translation of the word oindre .
He likes to smoke in the toilet .
How many jobs can you do at once ?
It was easy for him to find a job .
Tom couldn t help but smile .
You guys have to hurry .
Nobody tried to help Tom .
I used to have a friend named Tom .
Good right yes .
Let s get to work .
Let s leave .
I m humble .
We ve been tricked .
They were persecuted .
We have to wash the clothes .
It s not true !
I hear they re pretty good .
My roommate is so disgusting .
Where is the key to this room ?
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary s answer .
I m still angry about that .
Are you sure you wouldn t like anything else ?
Tom cares about you .
Are you going to meet Jane tonight ?
I still can t speak French .
I almost forgot my lunch .
What did you tell your boss ?
Tom often takes pictures with his phone .
We d better wake Tom up .
You d better do it soon .
I could smell the alcohol on his breath .
It s so yummy .
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions .
Hey your dog just bit me .
I don t have a good feeling about this .
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues .
Tom looked pretty healthy last night .
We have to find out what Tom wants .
That wasn t very good .
You always work hard .
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake .
Do you see that man ? He s my husband .
Tom is working hard .
This isn t a trivial matter .
Do you think they followed us here ?
Tom plays chess better than me .
Tickets are on sale now .
Listen and listen carefully .
My ID card has expired what should I do ?
 What kind of pet is always found on the floor ? A carpet . 
Tom knew how to do that .
Tom didn t have enough money to pay the rent .
Why should I give him money ?
We need to meet with her .
What makes you think I won t be able to do it ?
Our troops were constantly attacked by the guerrillas .
It was not long before he knew it .
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses .
Did you check all the items on the shopping list ?
He offered his help to us .
She took care of the poor little bird .
The parents want to give their son the best education .
Tom sat beside Mary .
It s because of you that we were late .
I am plowing my land .
He s not a hero .
I did something really stupid .
We must get our hair cut .
I once went to Boston with her .
Do you hate her that much ?
I got a good night s sleep .
You re very alert .
I ll keep doing it .
I only ate a bite of bread .
This could hurt our business .
He is capable of robbery .
Tom was sent to the worst prison in the country .
It s our job to help you .
I can t talk to them right now .
I want him to do it alone .
Stay with us in this room .
I have high hopes for her .
Tom realized it was time to leave .
I ve never told anyone about this .
Stay out of my room .
She deserves to know the truth .
That s an original idea .
Are you having problems ?
I think we should talk about this now .
This will keep you warm .
We re still vulnerable .
I grew up in a poor family .
They ruined my life .
It s a basic human right .
The athletic meeting will be put off .
If you should need any help just let me know .
What a splendid dinner !
What kind of stone is this ?
Please make three copies of each page .
Children should keep away from the river . It s dangerous .
We must learn to live in harmony with nature .
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada .
He has made a fortune through hard work .
She was asked to write her name in ink .
They would never meet again .
She gave him the car .
I am very tired after a class .
She paid me a visit yesterday .
They were busy working for social reforms .
What s your favorite place to vacation in Japan ?
Tom studied hard so he could get into college .
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class .
Fight like a man !
You won t be happy no matter what I do .
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself ?
Tom wants to talk .
That wasn t nice .
Tom is going crazy .
I didn t sell Tom my car .
I think you know that s not true .
I ll call Tom back .
I was supposed to go to school .
Tom studies hard .
She can come along again anytime .
The table had been covered with dust .
That wasn t so hard was it ?
I need to exercise more often .
How was the meeting yesterday ?
Who does the cooking in your home ?
Give me five more minutes .
I believe in love .
Why can t I see them ?
I didn t confront them .
Tom is not very good at it .
You do have choices .
I felt good tonight .
Tom speaks without thinking .
Tom added broccoli to the stew .
Where s the nearest underground station ?
Where s the nearest tube station ?
Indeed she is young and beautiful but she is in delicate health .
We all like cycling .
Personal computers are of great use .
What a beautiful sunrise it is !
This decision is final .
Those are their books .
I must repay the debt .
Food should be chewed before being swallowed .
I swear I will never do such a thing .
A rolling stone gathers no moss .
When he shouted the veins in his neck stood out clearly .
He ll be here around four o clock .
She put the money in the bank .
She cut up the cloth to make bandages .
I wanted to become a philosopher .
She s younger than him .
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman .
He was unsure how he would get there and when .
Tom doesn t talk much .
Tom doesn t quite get it . Could you explain it to him again ?
Tom has a lot to think about .
Man what the hell are you looking for ?
Let s go to the stadium because today s match will not be televised .
I still prefer to write letters by hand .
I didn t know who was going to meet me at the airport .
I can t believe that .
I can t understand how Tom could know .
Do you want some company ?
I almost won .
I ve got wine .
I don t like rock music .
I made other plans .
I m not letting Tom do this by himself .
I m sorry could you say that again ?
Her birthday is May th .
I will probably be given a car by my dad and I would feel happy about it if that happened .
I m sure Tom will do his best .
Tom poured himself another glass of wine .
Could you come up here ?
What happened here was unavoidable .
Give me the report .
I was just talking to her .
Do you speak German or English ?
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist .
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break .
I m hearing that a lot lately .
Maybe you should just give up .
Tom wondered why Mary was crying .
We ll meet him there .
Where do you want to go tomorrow ?
That s a little hard to believe .
That guy drives me crazy .
My mother is Greek .
I m glad you came over .
He ll come with me .
I know all my neighbors .
Is Tom ready for that ?
We can change if we want to .
Who exactly is responsible ?
The mailman is cute .
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas .
I m not Italian .
She has brown shoes .
I woke up at .
You swim better than I do .
Which one of the two brothers did you see ?
Dreams can drive me mad .
Did you see it ?
Are they going to fight ?
How long s Tom been sick ?
Dan wanted you to know that he didn t hate you .
Whether by a Hitler salute or a hand on your heart I consider the expression of patriotism to be the symptoms of a disease whose cause and cure should be more closely studied .
I ve been in prison more than once .
A Christian transgendered person I know said God has better things to do than to make up rules on who can use which bathroom . 
I believe Tom will do that .
Arrangements have already been made .
Those were difficult times .
Tom should be happy .
Could you stop saying that ?
Dan has to learn to think for himself .
Vikings and became the first space probes to successfully land on the surface of Mars .
For centuries astronomers believed that the Milky Way made up the entire universe . Hubble was among the first to show that the fuzzy patches in the sky seen through telescopes were other galaxies not distant parts of the Milky Way .
I ll ask them .
I m calling them back .
When you needed a friend Tom was there .
It was my duty to do that .
How long have you lived in Boston ?
Tom is probably pretty rich by now .
Let s discuss it .
I ll stake my reputation on it .
It seems that he is fine .
He seemed to be getting thinner every day .
Maria s father is easily influenced .
I m not guilty of anything .
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can .
What are you guys going to do ?
I think I ve found the answer .
Tom did it the same way I did .
I took a shower .
Who do you think we are ?
My writing desk a place of dread an incredible number of incredibly useful drawers combined with incredibly little legspace .
Good that you told me otherwise I would never have remembered it .
Thank you for the flowers !
I was at home most of the day yesterday .
It s not legal for people under to drink in Canada .
I m on my way back to Boston .
I think Tom is getting ready .
You don t need to explain that .
I have things to take care of .
I ve found a place to live .
Don t run away from consequences don t fear them face them .
Now s the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not .
Too bad I didn t wait for your response before I added the sentences .
Stop contributing to Tatoeba . You re addicted .
I ll still have a scar from that accident .
Tom couldn t swim .
It s hard to believe that Tom wasn t aware that Mary was in love with him .
We were friends .
I m big .
I took the elevator to the third floor .
We had a good conversation .
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on .
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet .
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary .
When we started out our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us .
I ll drop by the post office on the way home .
A friend of mine commissioned a well known artist to paint a portrait of his wife .
My father will often read the newspaper during meals .
She was absorbed in the video .
It was John who helped make her dream come true .
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street .
We have barely enough bread for breakfast .
The bargain sale will run for three days beginning today .
He is up to his ears in debt .
I have been reading the book all afternoon .
We had a heart to heart talk with each other .
There are a lot of new buildings here now .
Thank you all the same .
Had he known what was about to happen he would have changed his plan .
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad .
If I get rich I will buy it .
When have you ever done anything for me ?
Tom has a big appetite .
Please take next Sunday off .
Tom was delighted by the idea .
He is a comedian .
He is here .
I only want to know the facts .
I m really scared of spiders .
I am trying to find a new job .
When is your bedtime ?
I really like to read .
I m sure Tom won t have any trouble finding us .
Tom joined the discussion .
I thought my head would explode .
Someone stole my wallet on the train .
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit .
I really want to know what s going on .
It s really not important .
I won t give up on her .
Tom wants to spend more time with his family .
If I ve misjudged you I m terribly sorry .
This shirt needs ironing .
Tom is in the hospital waiting room .
Tom didn t want to come .
What else have you figured out ?
I can cook you something if you re hungry .
Why didn t you tell Tom that you were married ?
You must think I m stupid .
Give me your location .
Did the police ever question you ?
Tom wasn t thirsty .
Academic fraud is more common than you might think .
We don t get many visitors here .
My boyfriend wants to dye his hair purple .
Tom can swim pretty well .
Tom comes home every day at .
I want to just focus on the positive .
I used to go out with friends every weekend .
I m glad someone told me .
I come to this town for the second time .
Tom didn t have to thank me .
Tom is the easy going sort .
We expect to win .
All this is new to me .
What we need is a little more time .
Who asked her to come ?
I m supposed to help her .
We hired him .
Tell her where we ve gone .
Tom was waiting inside his cabin .
It all seems so strange .
Why is Tom still at school ?
We have a warrant to search your apartment .
A lawyer is a person who prevents someone else from getting your money .
Tom is here because of me .
My neck still hurts .
We just don t have enough time .
I guess it was our bad luck .
I was sore for three weeks .
Let s not fool ourselves .
I ll send it to you tomorrow .
It can only be her .
I don t know if you know or not but here in America you re expected to tip the waiter .
I ve promised Tom that I d be there .
How did you accomplish this ?
I ll stay with Tom until you get back .
You ve defeated him .
I have to find him .
Tom is out of your league .
I ll take you to the bus stop .
Why does Tom call me Mary ?
Tom was replaced by Mary .
I wish you had told me this earlier .
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back ?
I liked Tom s first book more than the second .
I hope people are satisfied .
Tom has to do that right away .
Many schools are closed today because of the storm .
This is a wig .
We ve got to do something about this problem soon .
Tom bought a new notebook .
At home we speak only French .
It makes me feel sad .
Do you want some more tea ?
He has seven sons .
I found it by chance .
I will make you regret it .
I tried not to wake you up .
I ll bring wine .
An argument erupted between her and her father .
Tom is a tax inspector .
I want to make her proud of me .
What do we tell him ?
They didn t see us .
This is going to be very expensive .
I just want to know what actually happened .
How many people can do that ?
Do you know where they come from ?
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair .
I m going to buy the bilingual dictionary next Saturday .
You ll need their help .
Is this her umbrella ?
I want you to stay a little longer .
Hey what are you guys looking at ?
An army marches on its stomach .
Tom likes science fiction .
Tom laid the newspaper on the table .
How soon can we leave ?
Is it OK if I go out with Tom ?
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police .
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window .
What s her job ?
Why do all the guys like her ?
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary s desk .
Rats also have a function . They help to clean the pipes .
How much did you bid ?
You have done it totally incorrect !
Did Tom say who ?
What is lurking in the shadows ?
You ll miss me when I m gone .
These dirty socks stink .
Don t forget to take the first aid kit .
What did you do with your shoes ?
He painted the barn .
I thought you said something .
I worked three years as Tom s assistant .
The weather report says we ll get three inches of snow .
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn t gone with us .
It makes no sense whatsoever .
Were you right ?
We re hiding .
Special forces surrounded the building .
Maybe they have something .
I sometimes just don t want to get out of bed in the morning .
I can t deal with this problem anymore .
This is my wife .
Get a grip on yourself !
 We haven t seen each other since . Has it been that long ? 
They have the horse .
How long have you been in here ?
I m reading .
I understand that you feel uneasy but don t worry .
I ve something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising .
Turtles are reptiles .
Several thousand people became victims of this disease .
Tom has loved Mary for a long time .
She gave him a sweater .
He s coming closer .
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president .
Grammar is a very complex thing .
She wrote to her parents at least once a week .
Not being tall isn t a disadvantage .
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water .
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics .
In the winter many older people slip on ice and fall down .
I had no feeling in my fingers .
We hear with our ears .
He thought that it was like a bird cage .
Tom decided to stay .
I will live .
Despite adversity the architect achieved worldwide fame .
I love her so much but she does not love me .
What are you going to do when the one you love does not love you .
I am Taiwanese .
What are you trying to imply ?
Where are you from ?
What are you doing ?
I have finished showering .
I am going to sleep .
I drive to the office .
How come you have not started yet after a day .
It is inefficient of you .
Tom often reads when his children aren t at home .
I ve got a lot more to learn .
Tomorrow I have to go shopping .
It had rained in the forest .
Tom is the richest guy I know .
Tom has been learning French for a few years .
Maybe you should study harder next time .
Why were you so scared ?
Trouble began immediately .
Recently someone told me about a language website tatoeba .org which I will definitely check out .
Have you asked her for help ?
Don t look at them .
Tom didn t talk to Mary .
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up .
That s what I like .
I m on my way to the meeting right now .
That shouldn t be hard for you .
Tom wasn t going to do anything to you .
That wasn t too bad .
You look like a little girl .
You can hold my hand .
We have some decisions to make .
I ve been wanting to see that movie for a long time .
Tom told me he was Canadian .
Tell me more about Tom .
I think Tom is athletic .
The Romans latinized Gaul .
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us ?
Tom comes here every now and then .
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate .
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green ?
Tom doesn t care about money .
This must be my book .
She will work .
You re a good cook .
Tom could be Canadian .
She doesn t know anything about me .
As the story advances the mystery unravels .
I don t know what you re referring to .
I just can t believe it .
I haven t had time to look for what you wanted .
The man is a lawyer .
I heard Tom was captured .
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming .
She wants children but he doesn t .
Don t bother calling security .
That s so perfect .
How silly of you !
Tom can t go home until after .
This is a good place to pitch a tent .
He knows how to brush his teeth .
Call Tom and Mary this evening .
Tom is standing in the garden .
Last night I fell into a panic .
A small road ran across the bridge through the fields and over a hill .
His low salary prevents him from buying the house .
I appreciate your help in clarifying this .
I was tired today so I went to bed early .
Which of the composers do you like best ?
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist .
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity .
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month .
Everybody desires happiness .
Mt . Asama is now dormant .
All of a sudden the enemy bombs came down on us like rain .
He demanded that John should go there .
As he spoke pictures came into my mind .
He s a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night .
They defended their country against the invaders .
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room .
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water .
It was Alister who killed Barbara .
Does your sister study there ?
I can see you re good at this .
What exactly does Tom do ?
We didn t know on which train they d be coming .
You re very shy .
I m going now !
Have you ever been to outer space ?
Tom is unbelievably stupid .
How long were you in jail ?
Tom says he didn t know what to do .
Lake Manicouagan a ring shaped lake in Quebec Canada is all that remains of a crater from a massive impact over million years ago .
I m learning Spanish .
Tom says he has a plan .
Were you expecting to win ?
The cab driver wasn t seriously injured .
I have an umbrella in my car .
I have a brother in Boston .
Tom is already here but Mary hasn t gotten here yet .
No one came except Tom .
I have more experience than Tom .
I don t want you .
This directly concerns you .
When do you want to meet them ?
I have a certain amount of money on me .
Don t sign the contract in pencil .
Tom s French is already rather good .
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years .
May I be the first to offer my congratulations .
You ve lost weight haven t you ?
When women succeed America succeeds .
I don t think that we should go with Tom .
Tom isn t afraid to die .
Tom is quite sarcastic .
Why did you do that to her ?
You know too much .
Can you freeze it ?
Why are you just sitting there ?
He lives in a small Alpine village in Austria .
Tom put his hand over the microphone .
Call me if you need anything .
Tom asked for food .
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse .
This ring has lost its glitter .
You know that that s your duty .
The bookcase is level with the table .
We ll be ready in time .
Do we have milk in the fridge ?
I m not so brave .
Tom called the police .
Tom snickered at Mary .
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn t die .
I m not sure but I think I know where to go .
I live in Antalya .
I just need you to come with me .
I m buying a new car .
Is everybody ready ?
I know what I did was wrong .
We were talking about something at that time but I don t remember what .
Tom isn t happy at all .
He s looking at us .
Nope I m not buying it .
Tom told Mary he couldn t do what she asked him to do .
They smiled at her .
Why would anyone not like her ?
We often watch TV while we re eating breakfast .
Tom nearly died tonight .
Tom won t even know what you did until it s over .
Tom works for an American company .
So what ll you give me ?
 Tom I have to tell you something . I love someone . His name starts with T and ends with M . Er who would that be ? Is it someone I know ? 
Do you have anything to remove stains ?
Tom and I see each other every day at school .
Why haven t you replied to me for so long ?
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method ?
Pinocchio apologize for that or look out !
Tom had never seen Mary so busy .
You wouldn t believe me if I told you .
I didn t know who Tom was at first .
Our supplies are running out .
Tom is shy .
I m just playing the devil s advocate .
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry .
I don t want to go to Tom s birthday party .
Is this something you want ?
You don t have to answer right away .
Stop ! You re tickling me !
 Will you be at my party tomorrow night ? I ll try to be there . 
Eating meat is bad for the environment .
Mary isn t really sick . She s only pretending to be sick .
Is there an app for that ?
Interest rates and inflation were high .
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas !
The grass looks nice .
I promised him that I would come today .
How long would it take to swim across the river ?
I as well as you was late for school yesterday .
I don t have my glasses with me .
They all began to laugh .
Tom got another letter from Mary today .
Mary doesn t wear as much makeup as Alice .
Tom took this photo .
She has sharpened the knives .
Tom doesn t have any shoes on .
Money makes men mad .
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave .
She stood on tip toe and whispered something in his ear and then went away .
I ve had enough of your excuses .
Training will be provided .
I looked for her .
I ve been hanging out with him .
What do you suppose this could be ?
The fire was out .
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room .
It wasn t interesting at all .
My son is brushing his teeth .
I don t think Tom is going to be too much help .
I tried to warn him about her but he won t listen to me .
Mary is very cute isn t she ?
Tom will return home tomorrow .
 You look like a tourist . But I am a tourist ! 
We got to be friends .
There s nothing I wouldn t do for Tom .
Can you save Tom ?
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted .
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom .
Give Tom back his money .
Do you know why it s happening ?
He left his glasses at our place .
They ll be jealous .
Let s skip out before Tom gets back .
Do you like pirate movies ?
Lambs are usually killed before they are one year old and eaten by humans .
He wants to pay off his loan .
Stop looking for problems Tom .
The cat is drinking your milk .
Are you working tomorrow ?
Please be careful when crossing the street .
Tom turned up the TV .
I wish I could talk to you .
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house .
Tom teaches me French twice a week .
I know what you meant .
I signed the lease today .
I have to say this .
I can t believe your parents let you come here by yourself .
We didn t start the fire .
I can t wait forever .
Is that better ?
What s it like being Tom s girlfriend ?
She hired a private investigator .
I used to eat like a pig .
God bless America .
That was an excellent meeting .
Hydrogen is the lightest element .
Tom didn t know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do .
Tom did the best he could but he wasn t able to get a higher grade than Mary .
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast .
I already read all the Harry Potter books .
She hit him .
There were two bridges .
Please tell me about it .
The railroad is parallel to the road .
The ship went up in flames .
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam .
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly .
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle .
I m feeling good this morning .
Did you watch the soccer game on television ?
In the U .S . most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age .
This clock isn t working .
I d like to have this meat dish with your best white wine .
It was a long letter .
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is ?
They were pleased at the birth of their first child .
Repetition is the mother of memory .
The rain is letting up .
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself .
It s confidential .
You don t want to be an editor ?
What would you think if I did that ?
Today it really feels like summer has ended .
Please don t call me again .
I have what you need .
Vermilion is one the signifiers of Chinese culture .
The dragon is one of the cultural emblems of China .
It s not mine .
My wish is to become a teacher .
I ve finished eating .
I m going to eat .
I m not Chinese .
I had a shower .
I showered .
I showered .
I m not German .
Are you awake yet ?
I can t understand what you re saying .
I don t understand what you are saying .
 I ve lost my wallet John sighed .
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences .
The fire originated from carelessness .
I hope Tom s predictions are wrong .
Let me know if you need any help .
She bought new gloves .
I can t sleep with all that noise .
Tom has visited Boston .
Tom usually doesn t make mistakes .
Is breakfast included ?
Everyone except Tom ate pizza .
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss .
Their goal and activating main idea was indeed brotherhood and justice among the peoples .
I m not asking you . I m begging you .
I can become angry .
We ve decided not to fire you .
Tom died recently .
Tom is doing what he loves .
I believe that the debate should be carried on .
It s hot out here .
Einstein predicted that the Sun s gravity would bend light .
If he could lie about that he is likely to lie about anything .
She said she would arrive in more minutes but she still hasn t come .
He said to me Children are like small animals . 
I wish Tom would just go away .
Are they all like this ?
She really doesn t like dogs .
Nobody gave us a chance .
Do you think they followed us ?
Don t ask Tom any questions about his job .
They ll be taking turns teaching the class .
There s a pea in my right nostril .
Did Tom not know what to do ?
Tom was excited to go to the concert .
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months the economic crisis .
Does Tom have a job ?
Tom declined to give details .
Tom hasn t talked to Mary about that yet .
My teeth aren t as white as I d like them to be .
Lincoln greeted his former political rival .
Tom currently resides in Boston .
Many of the immigrants changed their names .
Is this really real ?
Dan didn t even take basic anatomy classes .
Look what I made for you .
Please stay away from him .
Let us stay .
I m so proud of her .
I ll see her tonight .
Has Tom come back already ?
Call Tom now .
I was quite satisfied .
Do you think it s a sign ?
I hope everything goes well .
The Earth is smoother than a billiard ball .
Tom will try and stop me for sure .
Tom has been driving all day .
Acaraje a Brazilian food from Africa is a ball of caupi bean dough onions and salt fried in palm oil and served with shrimp and a spicy sauce .
Is this the key you are looking for ?
He was an intelligent and practical man .
Underage drinking is a crime .
I m trying to think of a better plan .
I ve woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast .
I tried to write with the left hand .
Tom still doesn t know the truth .
Judging from the look of the sky it is likely to rain .
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary .
I can teach you how to bewitch men .
I will obey .
If Tom is really alive where is he ?
That s a pretty big assumption .
Tom was very sick .
I know the problem .
I love the Norwegian language !
I m not in agreeance with your methods at all .
I felt light as a feather .
An aging population will require more spending on health care .
To my astonishment my money was gone .
Everybody did that .
What a bizarre story !
It ll take a long time .
Close the damned door !
I was worried about his health .
I m saving up to buy a new car .
This carpet is superior to that one in quality .
Tom didn t go there yesterday .
Be happy for me .
We are responsible in front of the law .
Well Bill I am pleased to see you here .
I know what you re doing .
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder .
The risk is too great .
It is really time for us to go .
Have you listened to this song ?
This is a small town .
Approximately thirty young people attended .
In Colombia Catholic customs prevail .
Mary invited my best friend to a party but not me .
Tom arrived after I left .
They named their son Tom .
My job is to forgive you which I do .
Tom gave us something to talk about .
I don t think we d have any chance of winning .
Tom s office is on the third floor .
There were no mistakes .
Tom is more active .
 Excuse me do you speak English ? Yes . A little . 
Tom told me that he doesn t like carbonated drinks .
Tom is our oldest son .
I can call her .
I won t pay for him .
I ll go talk to them right now .
I had lunch with him today .
Tom took the hammer away from Mary .
I wasn t alone then .
Do you have other family ?
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids .
The weeds have completely overtaken the garden bed .
Hasn t Tom told you anything ?
I forgot to ask Tom .
Tom asked Mary some questions but she refused to answer them .
I can t eat this much food .
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman .
I ve heard that name somewhere before .
I couldn t prevent Tom from eating all the cookies .
Let me know when you need me again .
The majority of his clientele are poor people .
He majored in literature at the university .
I have more money than Tom .
People still think Tom is a liar .
I ve lost patience with Tom .
I do forgive Tom .
Tom bought a ticket .
He s exactly my age .
I m not in a mood to see you today .
There s a back entrance .
India is a developing country .
I am accustomed to the climate .
I wouldn t be too surprised if this song became a hit .
It seems that the only time he isn t eating is when he s sleeping .
Japan produces a lot of good cameras .
It would be crazy to do that again .
He read the poem again .
Tom wants to sit down .
Tom is taking a day off .
Can we go now please ?
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem ?
I know you re not comfortable .
In spite of everything I think it s not bad .
That s your opinion .
They hugged .
She wrote novels in years .
Tom hasn t missed any of Mary s concerts .
She got first prize in the eating contest .
Water is indispensable to life .
It grew larger and larger .
I have no particular reason to do so .
Tom will now be proud of me .
I want it to be different this time .
Tom was sobbing .
I bought it from him .
I want nothing to do with her .
Please tell me Tom is OK .
Tom should hear about this .
Oliver has an acne problem .
We should ban advertising aimed towards children .
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight ?
You can t seriously expect that they won t recognize you in that disguise . That lopsided dime store moustache is a dead giveaway !
Maternal love is greater than anything else .
Her success made her the target of jealousy .
Buying cheap can cost you a lot of money .
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years .
The survivors were found on an island dying of starvation .
Tom asked us to leave him alone .
On weekends I got up later than usual .
I ve got things under control .
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played .
I don t like the food at that deli .
Where will we go afterwards ?
A permit is required .
I like these .
I know you think highly of him .
That medicine isn t going to help .
Get into your car .
Tom enjoys gardening .
You can t do anything about that .
I ve got a lot of questions .
It s not a cat . It s a dog .
These patients have trouble walking .
I think this machine is in need of repair .
The plane flew toward the west .
You can t go outside .
I like singing with Tom .
We still have many other things to discuss .
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather .
You don t deserve it .
I really don t know Tom .
We have to sing at an old folks home today .
Tom isn t the only one here who s a good singer .
You re bound to fail .
I m sure Tom can t swim .
One can t help many but many can help one .
He began to cry .
I m an actress not a model .
Do you know how to use this ?
I have no way of knowing that .
I like dragon fruit .
Where did you have your picture taken ?
Please stop that right now .
Never speak to me again !
Tom has been very careful .
I ve never been abroad before .
Mary doesn t usually wear jewelry .
You were supposed to tell Tom that .
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror .
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns .
He convinced me of his innocence .
An argument may be logically sound without being true .
Do you really want me to go there right now ?
Tom doesn t remember where he put his keys .
Are you being paid for doing this ?
Why are you so mean to me ?
Were you in Boston last summer ?
Don t ever talk to me again !
They must unite .
I finally met her today .
It disappointed me .
People all love talking .
Where s your bag ?
Do you know how to recover a deleted file ?
Beauty can do strange things .
I know Mary thinks I m stupid .
Good to know .
This is not fish .
In our opinion solar panels are a good investment .
I m here so do you want to chat ?
I have to buy Christmas gifts .
He s as tall as me .
We consider it a blessing .
We could do something big .
Tom hasn t forgiven anybody .
Tom has been spending time with Mary .
Tom said he was ill which was a lie .
Please come back home as soon as you can .
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes .
I m delighted to see you .
They ll let us know what happens .
Two thousand pupils attend school .
Femdom is short for Female Domination .
We postponed the meeting .
We ve had it analyzed .
Do you want to know what I see ?
I hope Tom appreciates it .
When does it arrive ?
I have a black and a white dog .
I love the people here .
Let s not waste time arguing about it .
You may have to help her .
Even with all his wealth and fame he s unhappy .
Glory to Ukraine !
Tom took a step backward .
Stay out of my business .
Tom still drinks but not as much as he used to .
He brought his lunch today .
Have you checked our supplies recently ?
You re always busy .
What is in your hands ?
I love jokes about animals .
The early bird gets the worm .
They already called off the strike .
I ll have another beer .
Tom said Mary was hungry .
I tied Tom and Mary s shoes together .
Tom is on the go day and night .
Is there a timetable ?
You don t need a gun .
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes .
He has an innate love of adventure .
There are many different people in Europe .
Are you free tomorrow afternoon ?
Linda really likes chocolate .
Don t let it get you down !
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work .
They were always making jokes .
Tom is speaking French .
You remember it better than I do .
Is Tom really a nice guy ?
Tom said that he lost his key .
Come in it s open .
I m walking in the park .
There are millions of people all over the world who are watching the World Cup right now .
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky .
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross .
That matter will take care of itself .
His explanation is not clear .
His explanation is not clear .
The medication should be administered topically .
Let s put up the Christmas tree here .
This TV was made in China .
This is a very complex problem .
 was the hottest year on record .
We hope a solution is found .
Tom wants to learn to sing in French .
Do you think I can help ?
I m tired of listening to Tom .
We haven t thought about it .
Tom seems to be much happier than me .
Everybody wanted to eat .
Isn t this what Tom asked for ?
We had to go there together .
She called me many a time .
I think there s a balance to be had .
We traveled through the whole land .
I m going to go sit down .
Maybe Tom just got nervous .
We must never confuse the two .
It needs to be repaired .
I saw a man get hit by a car .
Dan didn t even live in London .
Tom can t have done what you think he did .
We have to get through this .
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon .
The war has not ended .
I made up my mind to study harder .
I have met him before .
Do you really need a car ?
Tom picked up the knife .
Is everything going OK at work ?
He pretended to be my friend .
I too have been to Boston many times .
I did not expect it to be that big .
I ll get some help .
Give me your phone number .
She was asked to convince him to paint the house .
I suppose I d better phone Tom .
Tom is a native French speaker .
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks .
You look like a monkey .
Tom wants to tell you about Mary .
You re no singer .
Tom was full .
Tom stood behind me .
Tom is still in Boston .
Admission is . at the door .
Tom knows what we re doing .
Tom wasn t smiling when he entered the room .
Tom headed out the door .
Please take your seat .
I have to win .
Tom is taller than you .
I don t have time to play games with you .
Tom changed into his uniform .
Is there anything you can t do ?
You didn t tell me Mary was so beautiful .
It has nothing to do with me .
I remember the way you used to dance .
I m on my way to meet Tom at the station right now .
Everyone I know uses Google .
It s a very serious illness .
What s your favorite iPad app ?
How long have you two been together ?
Tom should have handled the situation differently .
What was that you just said ?
I studied English for four years with a native speaker .
We were on the same train by chance .
You need to let me handle this .
Remember that I outrank you .
Control is everything .
I think we re in trouble .
Tom slept with his shoes on .
There s no money left in my bank account .
I m afraid I wouldn t be very good company .
I spent all day in the library .
Whose ring is that ?
It has always been a pleasure to work with you .
That s perfect .
I just wanted to speak to Tom .
We re preparing to do so .
Tom says it s quite important .
I was fired without cause .
He should have done it that way .
I don t need you or anybody else .
I don t make deals with people like you .
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year .
Tom was injured in the blast .
Is this everything ?
I can t believe Tom is getting married .
We d better talk .
I don t know if that s what Tom wants or not .
Being rich isn t enough .
How long would it take ?
It s very normal .
Tom didn t know what Mary thought about it .
I don t even know if Tom went to college or not .
Tom is very much alone .
Tom is a magician .
I m sure you ll be back before long .
He acts as if he were a king .
I ve never been so proud of you .
Since he is old this task must be difficult for him .
How is your family name written ?
Do it somewhere else .
I ll deal with this problem as soon as I can .
You re taller than most of Tom s friends .
What you said about Tom isn t true .
They blamed Tom for causing the accident .
I wrote it all down .
We don t do it very often .
Umbrellas sell well .
All you have to do is say the word and I ll leave .
What goes up must come down .
Love is like oxygen .
She grew up in Australia .
How can you do this to me ?
You should seriously consider working here .
Tom became a minister .
I m absolutely elated .
I ll try to find them for you .
I could hear birds singing outside my window .
Everybody looks up to Tom .
Here is a pan without handles .
This book of his isn t interesting at all .
Tom encouraged his son to study French .
I know who likes Tom .
A lot of trees were cut down .
He will succeed to the throne .
Do you know how to drive a car ?
Do you know how to drive a car ?
Call the police .
She s neither in the kitchen nor in the living room .
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed .
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way .
The accident was due to bad driving .
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day .
I can t go out because I was injured a week ago in an accident .
The conference will take place in Tokyo .
Could you help me to find it ?
I m by no means angry with you .
The hostages will be released tomorrow .
Here s my drivers license .
The patient s injuries aren t life threatening .
No two words are identical in meaning .
Attendance is compulsory for all members .
Is it safe to drink this water ?
I don t want to sleep yet so I m still studying .
The bus is running about ten minutes late .
Her socks are gray .
He said I want to be a doctor . 
I don t like watching TV .
Don t be so selfish .
I ll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard .
Have you spoken with Tom ?
Tom took his keys out of his pocket .
We know why you came here .
Mary has more than a hundred pairs of shoes .
That wouldn t be a good thing .
We should ve bought three bottles of wine .
Tom sleeps with his socks on .
I just try not to think about it .
I just want someone to talk with .
I didn t know Tom didn t have a driver s license .
How did Tom get Mary to go to the dance with him ?
This is the shortcut that I usually take to school .
I only don t want to marry you .
I just don t want to marry you .
The sound is really loud .
Do you need the keys ?
Leave the book where it was .
What do you know about the CIA ?
Tom wants to sleep on it .
It s a pleasure to have you with us again .
He must have said so without giving it much thought .
Tom is very angry now .
We ve been asked to not do this anymore .
You ve made progress .
Are you a practicing physician ?
There was scarcely any money left .
He loved to laugh and enjoy life .
We ll have to go back .
I feel bad enough already .
I d like to speak with you in private .
What nonsense are you talking now ?
I am very concerned about his health .
We don t trust Tom .
There s no chance of rain today .
When listening to a lecture you should be quiet .
Please contact us .
Mary is pregnant with twins .
One must be responsible for one s conduct .
Tom used to live near Mary .
Keep Tom safe .
Hey look what I found .
I can t stand that noise any longer .
Tom is kind to everybody .
Tom couldn t tell Mary everything he knew .
We should run some tests .
You should try this .
I haven t seen you all day .
You re the prisoner .
We don t have too much time .
I m not really nervous .
If your tooth hurts you should see a dentist .
Do you want me to leave ?
Is it dangerous ?
My boss wants us to take the plane .
I d better get back home .
I see you found your bag .
Which one are you referring to ?
You re better than him .
She doesn t like to sing sad songs .
That guy is two faced .
I d like to get married to someone like you .
He is like his father .
This is a good book for children to read .
It s no use your begging him for help .
Tom told me that I shouldn t go out alone at night .
How did you feel about that ?
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children ?
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench .
Kyoto and Boston are sister cities .
Tom started dating Mary three months ago .
As for me I have no objection .
I never thought it would come to this .
I don t think I like this game very much .
Let me think for a minute .
Don t open that .
That s avoidable .
Tom wished he could understand French .
Tom is very courageous isn t he ?
I ll get you something nice .
We should stop seeing each other .
I want you to wait for me .
I have to get to the hospital .
It s almost time for Tom to go .
Let me try another one .
It just gets worse .
It s pretty heavy .
That s very rare .
What s the problem with your computer ?
Could you come to tomorrow s meeting ?
They sell sporting goods .
Don t ask questions . Just follow me .
Do you feel like resting ?
A hare raced with a tortoise .
I just couldn t say no .
Are you dating anyone ?
Tom wrote two books .
Tom is fluent in three languages .
Ken stands on the diving board .
Keep it quiet .
That bicycle is mine .
I don t think anyone can do this .
Don t let Tom lie on the floor .
Who picked you for this mission ?
Thank you for everything .
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto ?
Even though I studied English for years in school I m not good at speaking it .
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day .
Tom will never willingly go there by himself .
That feels good .
I think you look like Tom .
The moon was full last night .
Tom or somebody said that .
Let s try it out .
Mary reminds me of my mother .
Tom didn t want to talk to anyone .
You re just a coward .
What were you drinking ?
I m studying several languages .
After two days our food gave out .
Here is your dog . Where is mine ?
My father put a fence around the garden .
Don t let them forget me .
Is it really that hard to speak French ?
We can t let them do that .
I ve never been to my uncle s house .
He s not good at remembering names .
How many years did Tom work here ?
It s easy for monkeys to climb trees .
Stay out of my kitchen .
There s something we need to talk about .
Tom should have plenty of time .
I have to wake Tom up .
No one else was hurt .
I was just about to leave .
I smell something here .
How many years did Tom spend in Boston ?
My brother won t be at home tomorrow .
One of us has to go .
Tom managed to find a new job .
Everyone s tired of hearing that story .
All I want is my freedom .
My brother and I are in the same class .
I m almost finished reading this book .
Tom is going to help us .
Tom embraced his father .
Did Tom show an interest ?
My watch gains five minutes a day .
You should have a doctor take a look at it .
We won t get paid extra for doing this .
Help me lift the package .
The policeman was drunk .
I don t know if I can do it .
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox .
I don t know about the past but now we have faxes and emails .
I just talked to the person in charge .
Tom came to Boston three years ago .
We want to hear it .
When does Tom eat breakfast ?
They told me it was your fault .
Tom is indispensable .
Let s go to the hospital now .
I just don t want to lose you .
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog .
I know that you still want to be with me .
I won t allow you to do that .
These boxes are heavy .
Tom might be able to attend the meeting .
It s over there .
We re very disappointed in you .
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary .
Can t we work this out ?
I know what to say .
Tom joined our company three years ago .
Somebody s got to do something .
Let s talk about what you did in Boston .
Are you dead ?
I worked as a piano tuner for many years .
I sometimes break the rules .
I tried to stop that from happening .
I paid him a visit yesterday .
Don t try to stop me .
You cannot buy friends you can only make friends .
I wouldn t try that again .
I have a new car .
Tom didn t give an explanation .
He did not think he needed their protection .
We re going by train .
We know everything .
Tom is the one I saw .
You re leaving already ?
We re very different .
Is there a zoo in Boston ?
He stole her watch .
Tom is wearing gloves .
She always speaks in English .
I asked Tom a few questions .
There s nothing to forgive .
How much money do you need ?
Here s your tea .
It s not good for anybody .
Great progress has been made .
The life span of a butterfly is short .
The matter has not been settled yet .
History is not his major subject .
It s so different now .
Am I supposed to help Tom ?
I d like to get some sleep .
Doing that is a waste of your time .
Tom finally understood it .
We have a great team .
I don t worry about the risk .
He is eager to go there .
I haven t seen you around here before .
Tom has a very friendly smile .
Tom has calmed down .
I d like to buy half a cake .
I m looking for a place to sit .
What were you doing in the attic ?
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room .
Tom knows that I don t like him .
There is only one book on the desk .
Everybody is fine .
When did you go to work ?
What is over there ?
It s her fifth birthday tomorrow .
I will buy a new car next month .
We re not the ones getting married .
Tom has forgotten how to do that .
Do you promise ?
Iceland belonged to Denmark .
This is a new experience for Tom .
You need to get ready .
Can we do it ?
So you give up right ?
He doesn t lie .
Was Tom asleep ?
Tom thanked Mary for coming .
May we swim here ?
Tom is not a friendly guy .
Just take it slowly .
Tom should thank me .
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution .
We re having difficulty locating Tom .
Would you like to know how I did that ?
Tom told me what to say .
How much longer will you stay in Boston ?
Does your school have a library ?
Please come back as soon as possible .
Did you ever try ?
Tom picked up a pencil .
Tom followed .
What does Tom know about me ?
Don t step in the mud .
These two words are easily confused .
I need to find out when we need to be there .
This book is small .
Tom says that he s a creature of habit .
I continued to try swimming in the river .
The toilet is backed up .
Excuse me where is south river street ?
She s going to New York on Sunday .
Then what kind of life brings happiness ?
I can only give you ten minutes .
You study at that school ?
You are at a safe place .
She is his best girlfriend .
The child pets the cat .
The company medical treatment insurance covered all the medical treatment costs .
Don t be so childish .
This is my school .
Winter is here spring can t be far ?
He is not the teacher .
What the hell are you talking about ?
Tom wanted to go to Australia .
I ve seen Tom naked .
I m going to miss that .
He has an interesting job but it requires a lot of skill .
I was so excited that I couldn t fall asleep .
This is a grammatically correct sentence .
There aren t enough people !
Every Friday night they went and drank .
Even if no one goes with me I still want to see this movie .
He thought she spoke reasonably so he accepted her suggestion .
This morning I was very lazy and didn t go out .
I would like to have a discussion with Mr . Zhang and Mr . Li .
The two of them are two busy now they can t talk to you .
I m running a little short on time so I can only go out and buy flat bread and bread sticks .
I could eat some beef noodle soup or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that no problem .
After today I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house .
Good . Can you make long distance calls from the room ?
You can only make local calls from the room you can go to the front desk to call long distance .
No need to say anything more . How about we go to Zhouzhuang ?
Look at him . He looks like an idiot but he s also very cute .
Between friends to have a heart to heart is really rejuvenating .
In Japan it is polite to bow when one meets someone .
I discussed business with her .
She has a lot of carry on luggage .
My French isn t good enough .
Can you help me dial ? The telephone is put too high .
I d prefer to speak to you in private .
He told me sadly I m not sure whether I should be alive . 
Does the heating work in the winter ?
It seems this is something you can t comprehend .
Sure anything for you ! We re like family !
It s good for our understanding of other cultures .
I d like to leave this town and never come back .
He has a sky blue jumper .
People call this kind of bird a cuckoo .
I cannot accept this plan .
He s making it clear that he s an ideal husband .
I have a frog in my throat .
The sacrificed newborn doesn t fear the tiger .
The girl waiting for that boy is a friend of mine .
There s a reason the rumor exploded .
The multinational corporation has forecast the implementation of economies of scale .
She spent a lot of time practicing the piano .
When one is in difficulty and comports themselves well that is a master .
Of course she accepted the invitation .
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow .
I do not accept your suggestion .
This is a serious medicine .
Every morning the corridor was swept clean .
That was beyond my comprehension .
It s just that because he hasn t made something of himself his father won t look at him .
She is certainly a career woman .
You just put a toy down on the table .
Do young French people talk about politics too ?
If a person doesn t have a strong will he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom .
How do you read this character ?
His parents are moving back to their home town .
I love you but you don t know everything .
You sing with a voice as clear as the waters of the Pacific Ocean .
I still don t understand everything he says .
A lot of people ask me whether bidding goodbye to youth means old age is near .
How s studying Esperanto going ?
No one has seen him recently .
Every day I think wouldn t life be great if I didn t have to work .
The lovers reluctantly parted .
This boy often breaks our window with his ball .
Only if you put up a different sign can you become a miscellany store .
But the butcher is observing the holiday today there s nothing we can do about it .
There are some things that people like to avoid discussing .
A person has morals like water is clear .
Chinese children are especially good at maths .
I refuse to answer your question .
I want to be a computer programmer .
Another step forward revealed that the skull had received violent impact and disintegrated .
I can verify that that s the truth myself .
He is unable to complete it .
There s a movie theatre on the east side of the plaza about ten minutes walk from here .
His words broke her heart .
I understand everything you said .
Don t be too shy .
They talk as though they were old friends .
Who doesn t know that if there s someone who loves showing off it s him ?
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him .
We re going to hire the most famous makeup artist for our cast s makeup .
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup .
Mary likes her coffee without sugar .
Good luck with tonight s performance !
In order to cut down on costs the company refuses to allow employees to work overtime .
People can accept praise more easily than criticism .
I want a pint of beer .
I actually don t have time to deal with these and its not really any of my business .
Karlo has the ability to understand and create .
I want to quickly confirm my flight again .
I have a dull pain in my temples and my mind feels like its covered with a thin layer of fog .
There is a place in this world where we cannot and must not set foot . Knowing of this existence to accept it and show it the greatest reverence is the first step to belief .
Everything has been suspected and been inspected thoughts have no boundaries .
Dad just now went out .
For one s health both work and play are necessary .
Cuba is located in the Americas .
I also agree .
He is already skilled in both math and literature .
How was your exam ?
Tom I want to have a chat with you .
If you make fun of our company again we certainly won t be polite to you .
You think adding a little salt will make it taste much better ?
The year has arrived .
Tom doesn t like to discuss his work .
I got to the bank and luckily didn t have to get in line .
Do you guys want to go with me ?
No one can stand you !
I would like to understand your home country .
Have a good rest !
Your way of looking at criticism and self criticism is not right .
He is always popular among his friends . So whenever he comes across troubles or emergencies they are happy to offer help .
Calm down and explain it from the beginning .
I haven t finished this .
I like shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York .
He bites his tongue while talking .
I am sleeping .
She didn t come .
You haven t eaten .
He hasn t eaten .
She hasn t eaten .
You all are reading .
You are reading .
I find politics very interesting .
You re coughing better bring a scarf .
I still live at my dad s place .
Where did it come from ?
They don t need a reason .
People need to stop hating .
Actually it was pretty boring .
I ll go with you as far as the bridge .
One good friend is better than ten relatives .
I wonder why they left my name off the list .
I like being on the team .
If anything should happen please let me know .
She rested her head on her mother s shoulder .
It s hard to quit smoking .
That should make you happy .
They didn t like you .
I don t accept it .
Let s walk .
I don t want to work under these conditions .
I m still your friend .
She s hiding the truth from us .
Today I had some kipper for breakfast .
Tom has no one to turn to for help .
Tom likes it hot .
It could be just a coincidence .
Tom doesn t want to lose Mary .
Tom played with his dog .
I m sorry to hear it .
Now it is official .
We can t talk here .
You ve told Tom haven t you ?
Stop swearing please .
I m counting on your help .
I know my limitations .
I d better do it right now .
We ll deal with it tomorrow .
A lot of people swim here in the summer .
The boat can still be seen .
We toured all the major cities .
You should set a good example for your children .
Her father died when she was three .
Long hair is out of fashion now .
How did you draw this picture ?
The black telephone costs more than the white .
That s exactly what I ve been telling Tom .
There were several rooms still vacant .
He knows how to play baseball .
There were no more free seats .
Tom knew Mary wouldn t let him down .
Tom has written to me .
Tom told me he had a right to see it .
Tom thinks I m missing this great opportunity .
Could you please talk a bit louder ? I can t hear very well .
If you have something to say just say it .
I met a friend at the airport .
I know I heard something .
The plane is ready .
I don t want to be friends with you .
Tom picked up the jar and read the label .
I am entirely incapable of accepting this minister s arguments .
I think I made a mistake .
Tom put a cover over his car .
Tom gave Mary half of the apple .
I m not particularly thirsty right now .
I ve been careful my whole life .
Tom is Mary s ex boyfriend .
Could you please not smoke in this room ?
I ve already been working here for several hours .
Is it safe to eat cockroaches ?
Tom went there to learn French .
Tom made a sandwich .
You must look over the contract before you sign it .
Tom had a drink in his hand .
I m willing to share .
I ll alert Tom .
Have you been busy since yesterday ?
We were kids then .
Tom could ve figured that out without any help .
The history class starts at nine .
Tom can t afford that .
I know that he was busy .
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving .
It s no use arguing with him .
He went there ten years ago .
The court declared the defendant innocent .
Look at what s happening outside .
Give me your food .
Do you drink a lot of milk ?
Maybe he s busy .
I know what you did .
Everyone is talking about Tom .
No one s going to find you .
I ll be gone for a while .
Interest rates are still low .
Tom wondered what he could do .
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary .
The train is very crowded this evening .
We need to make a plan .
They trust Tom .
You should bring your passport to the bank .
He asked her seven times to marry him .
If I d known the truth I d have told you .
Justice will prevail in the end .
I didn t mean to disturb you .
Tom doesn t like Boston .
I ll let you know when I ve figured it out .
Who are you looking at ?
Someone yelled for help .
She was born last year .
Tom doesn t think that will do any good .
Why do people not always tell the truth ?
Tom just doesn t understand .
I m grateful for that .
We owe you an apology .
Don t leave your work half finished .
Have you eaten dinner ?
Her mother is a pretty woman .
The hat was blown away by the wind .
She has children .
I don t know what will happen next year .
Tom doesn t like being treated like a child .
Come here all of you .
Tom isn t unhappy .
I thought Tom would win .
I never played golf .
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella .
Do you want to go on a picnic with me ?
I want Tom to let Mary finish .
I need to know .
Tom made fun of me .
They forced me out .
I ve had enough of your lying .
It is an hour s drive from here to there .
They said the situation was only temporary .
Tom was a little drunk .
Tom I want to talk to Mary .
He s such a sweetheart .
It doesn t matter what you do .
Tom s got nothing to hide .
I could swear there s something inside this box .
I stay at home on Sundays .
I ll stop by your place on my way home .
You don t have to buy me anything .
We must reduce energy demand .
I ve had to do everything by myself .
Have you had your eyesight checked recently ?
That s what Tom requested .
He s new in town .
I d rather be with you .
You are blushing .
You re turning red .
I met a Smith at the party .
Tom is an extraordinary man .
He failed the exam but he doesn t care too much .
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside .
She was more beautiful than all the others .
That s not important is it ?
The children were well looked after .
Don t try to do this by yourself .
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town .
I understand the concept .
I called her up .
Tom has a lot of experience in computers .
May I have a glass of milk please ?
I didn t do it alone .
Tom didn t doubt that there would be a lot of people there .
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week .
I think we re ready to do that .
Restart your computer .
Tom wanted to be a better teacher .
I was a little bit nervous .
Tom seems to speak French better than before .
The threat to Richmond was ended .
The dog is sitting by the bowl .
No one is listening to Tom .
My cats will love this .
I paid him the money .
Mary succeeded in her studies .
You d better tell us what s going on .
My father often reads the newspaper during meals .
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty .
She devoted her life to working among the poor .
Tom said he wouldn t be able to do what we asked him to do .
That accident was due to his carelessness .
Look it s my problem .
You should be able to manage it .
We imported meat from Argentina .
I can t explain it now .
Tom lost his car keys .
How did you get to know each other ?
I told you to get out .
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening .
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks ?
I d be crazy to do that .
Tom s coach likes him .
Wear whatever you want to wear .
Tom didn t need to finish that work by today .
I don t know where Tom was going .
I should do it .
We don t think it s serious .
You can delete that now .
Both Tom and Mary can t speak French .
I don t smoke weed .
It seems so familiar .
Can you please tell me your name once more ?
You ve never had a girlfriend have you ?
You re not as smart as me .
How tall are your parents ?
They made me really angry .
Sami has been married twelve times .
Sami has been married twelve times .
Sami was looking forward to being a father .
Sami was looking forward to being a father .
Sami has been married twelve times .
Sami has been married twelve times .
Do not enter the pool .
Entry of pool is prohibited .
Mind your head .
Watch your head .
Caution wet floor
Please mind your belongings .
Please do not forget your belongings .
Lightning prone area please do not climb
Yield to the birds .
Give way to the birds .
She is absent .
He is still sleeping .
Hurry up it s late .
No taking photos .
Photography is prohibited .
This afternoon I went to a pharmacy .
Yesterday s weather wasn t so good .
Yesterday s weather wasn t very good .
It rained and even snowed yesterday .
It rained in Sevilla .
I bought a new schoolbag today .
Today I bought a new schoolbag .
He said to me danger ! 
I arrived in Kobe around two thirty .
She is what we call a bookworm .
You ve walked into a trap .
This is where I sleep .
This is where I sleep .
What room would you like to reserve ?
What room would you like to reserve ?
The box is broken .
The box is broken .
I want a pet tiger .
I want a pet tiger .
The convenience store ran out of business .
It isn t too late for you .
If only I could speak English !
I can t believe you re giving up .
Don t pay any attention to Tom .
The supermarket is out of business .
The supermarket ran out of business .
I left your flash drive at home .
Going to Madrid on Thursday .
Can I get a refund for this train ticket ?
We re almost broke .
How do you get your children to eat vegetables ?
I came to warn you not to do that .
I want to go to school and study hard .
Tom said he wasn t sure what Mary wanted to do .
The girl brought me a red and a white rose .
Tom says he feels a little better .
Was that what Tom said ?
Tom heard Mary s voice .
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation .
Although he was exhausted he had to keep working .
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times .
Did you check this ?
I think I m going to go now .
That s an interesting idea .
Almost everyone came .
We were in danger of losing our lives .
I can t find my keys anywhere .
You should ve never interfered .
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary .
I m in a desperate situation .
I wonder if I can do it again .
Tom told me to take good care of myself .
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is .
How did you get back so soon ?
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise .
He broke the world record .
Better to live dishonored than die proud .
The train passed by us .
Don t be so careless !
The rear gate was open .
Tom wants children but Mary doesn t .
The system worked .
I didn t pass .
I ve done enough already .
We ll save a seat for you .
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital .
I think this coat should fit you .
He is richer than anyone else in this town .
Tom demanded an explanation .
He s not breaking the law .
That s weird isn t it ?
Tom s hands are shaking .
I dove into the river .
Here s an even better one .
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday .
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom .
If it gives milk then it s your mother .
Stop barking !
Your time is running out .
I don t know right now .
I can neither confirm nor deny that .
We re next door neighbors .
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick .
I m not going to show any fear .
Don t be silly . I can t do it .
Tom is a very good singer .
Tom we have to talk .
I have problems just like everybody else .
He has three times as many books as I have .
I haven t changed .
Tom taught me French .
I wonder if I hurt Tom s feelings .
What s Tom given us ?
Does it matter to you how much it costs ?
I like your house .
Don t worry . We have plenty of water and food .
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes .
It s great .
There s nothing else we can do .
I was pretty hungry .
Something did happen .
I ve never gone fishing at night .
I saw a cat running after the dog .
Volleyball is a lot of fun .
Tom said it was a diamond .
There s somebody in there .
A great number of books are published every year .
Is someone knocking on the door ?
Can you stay for a while ?
What do you really want to say ?
All I want now is a little sleep .
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school .
Are you certain this is what you want ?
We should be safe here .
You must choose .
I talked to her .
Tom is in the living room sleeping on the couch .
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary .
I understand perfectly .
You people are no fun at all .
Tom was buried Monday .
I can start anytime .
I don t think I ve ever made any serious mistakes .
I wish more people felt the same way .
Tom had a heart attack last year .
That won t ever happen .
I might say yes .
I couldn t control my anger .
I ll send a message to Tom .
My legs are smaller than yours .
Read this now .
Tom certainly has a tough job .
This is how I made it .
Others are less optimistic .
Tom didn t tell me much about it .
Tom bought a mobile phone .
I guess she s into bondage and domination .
I m sorry I didn t hear you .
I m fed up with this weather .
She almost passed out .
I can only see it getting worse .
The homework is due next Monday .
Tom is exaggerating .
Fear quickly turned into anger .
You people can t help yourselves .
I ve been requested to help you .
I believe the actions that he took were right .
We sat talking about the remote past .
There were three survivors .
I hired someone today .
It s getting dark . I wonder if it s going to rain .
I heard her speak English fluently .
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us .
It was calculated that hundreds of workers would have to work a hundred hours to make a mistake as enormous as that which a computer can make in a millionth of a second .
 Tom can t stand me . Nonsense ! You re just imagining things ! 
Tom says he can communicate with the dead .
The sooner he shuts up the better .
I m quite satisfied with my life .
You d better find them .
I think I d better help you .
Wake me up at eight o clock .
This book is well written .
Can you make it safe ?
You ve done good work so far .
I m sitting here in my car .
I hope you like the job .
She s wearing tights .
Tom is a very poor driver .
I know your feelings are hurt .
She and I have been married for ten years .
I have been married to her for ten years .
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant .
I just want to be Tom s friend .
We re going to set up shelters .
They closed their eyes .
Have you found your ticket yet ?
I ve been feeling sick for the last two days .
The Titanic s maiden voyage didn t go so well .
The Titanic s maiden voyage didn t go so well .
We know our rights .
This is quite good .
I didn t feel bad .
Tom will never do it again .
It took months .
Many conservative women still can t accept fishnet stockings .
I think I can run as fast as Tom .
I ve never underestimated Tom .
Did you drink tea yesterday ?
We have one of your friends here with us .
You re just being ridiculous .
Tom can t go out because he has a lot of homework .
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding .
The rain prevented me from going .
Can you please give me something to do ?
Tom didn t write back to Mary .
Ask for what you want .
What did Tom expect Mary to do ?
The man tried to install his own antenna .
Do you think that was fair ?
I don t want Tom to die .
Tom has absolutely no enemies .
I only wanted to forget .
I come from a large family .
She came into the room .
It can be dangerous .
I m such an unlucky guy .
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot .
All of them are not poor .
I don t feel like eating anything today .
His job is driving a sight seeing bus .
What can Tom do ?
I wish Tom could ve been there .
The old man lived by himself .
Tom is very kind .
I don t even want to try it .
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust .
I think I ll be able to deal with that .
How are we going to pay for that ?
Wake me up at seven .
Tell her that I am cooking dinner .
I swear I didn t do anything .
What s wrong with my legs ?
How soon can they be delivered ?
The man sold his soul to the devil .
Do you still want to talk to me ?
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary .
Thanks for calling me .
That would be relevant .
I found a taxi but there was no driver inside .
I think this rule has problems .
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing .
I m very tired right now .
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid .
We ll have to do that too .
Tom pulled Mary out of the water .
So as to avoid being late we went by car .
Tom can write almost like a native speaker but his pronunciation is terrible .
A brass band is marching along the street .
We want to clear up this problem .
Three weeks went by with no sign of Tom .
Tom was too afraid to do anything .
Wait for me downstairs .
They sank ten enemy ships .
We ve got to get you some help .
She is too tired to study .
They love that .
Tom doesn t want to let Mary go .
He participated in the debate .
I used to play tennis in high school .
Give up such ideas .
Tom might be here by but then maybe not .
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened ?
It would ve been better if you d stayed with Tom .
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon .
You ask too many questions .
Give it back .
Have you chosen a major yet ?
I just need a break .
Water is life .
I m so excited .
Tom watched Mary draw a picture .
I found you didn t I ?
We saw Tom talking to Mary .
Who gave them to you ?
When to start is the main problem .
I ll join you all later .
I was in the garden all afternoon .
I will show you the picture .
I wrote it myself .
I don t want to hear your theories .
Tom is a very talented writer .
I m not disagreeing with you .
It s worth the wait .
Turn back please .
Tom knew that Mary was upset .
The noise frightened the baby .
She read an amusing story to the children .
I will fight to the death .
She is proud that her son has become a doctor .
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully .
You sing like an angel .
That s great .
Will you be here tomorrow ?
Should I help you ?
Can I talk to you privately for a minute ?
Do you know where to find Tom ?
That is all I have .
Is the post office still closed ?
This is the best .
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened .
Tom didn t want to disappoint Mary .
Tom is serious now .
I thought Tom would sleep until noon .
This is typical .
Tom is a rabbi .
Tom said he d think about my suggestion .
You re probably smarter than you think .
I don t think we can wait any longer .
We ve not done well .
Tom may be able to come tomorrow .
I met Tom for the first time three days ago .
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was .
Tom is resting at the moment .
Can we stop fighting ?
I really like what I do .
You must not talk to Tom .
How did you get out of your room ?
That s something to be proud of .
What s your job here ?
We have to find out where Tom is .
You don t understand the procedure .
Let s go out and have some fun tonight .
I m going to tell you the truth .
I planted a peach tree in my yard .
I m not married to Tom .
This is where Tom wants to live .
We had three tries and failed each time .
I need to try .
We have to try to communicate with them .
My grandfather s photograph is on the wall .
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn t light the fire .
I can t believe he did that .
You ll get used to this in three or four weeks .
I doubt if Tom is single .
Tom doesn t need to wear glasses anymore .
Did Tom talk to Mary ?
She didn t try to hide the truth .
Tom stood up from his chair .
The warnings were ignored .
We had a lecture on environmental pollution .
Tom doesn t drive as carefully as I do .
What have I ever done to Tom ?
You did not come to school yesterday .
I need a friend .
It s possible that you don t know this .
I m not moving to Boston .
I can t answer you now .
I hate mosquitoes .
There used to be a store right here .
We don t expect Tom to live much longer .
Keep this lesson in mind .
Tom owes us a favor .
Tom finally did something right .
Are you happy now ?
Tom gave us nothing .
Tom thinks I m too young .
Let s get to work on that problem .
How much do you love me ?
I don t like that guy .
What did you name your son ?
Give me your phone .
Something is happening in Boston .
Tom wished he hadn t borrowed the book from Mary .
Tom came up with an answer to our problem .
I have to say goodnight to Tom .
I should be ready by .
We really appreciate their effort .
Tom did a lot of great things .
Tom doesn t even know my name .
Did the police find any fingerprints ?
Is Tom helping Mary ?
I guess that s how Tom found me .
Tom s good but not good enough .
I m very happy to hear about the party .
Tom heard nothing .
Let s end this nonsense .
I just don t like it .
You should have shown him the device .
I think Mary is very attractive .
This doghouse was built by Tom .
Tom didn t take his shoes off .
She stayed in that area for a short while .
I know you re upset .
Tom has a reservation .
I have to ask you something .
Thanks for telling me the truth .
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning .
Have you been eating ?
You can tell us .
He acknowledged his faults .
The boat is going against the current .
I really think we should do this .
You can t keep a secret .
Tom studies at Harvard .
You couldn t handle the pressure .
I don t see any bullet holes .
Tom was bullied .
Tom bought a house for Mary .
Someone s been here recently .
Why can t we talk now ?
Tom remained standing as the others sat down .
President Lincoln accepted the invitation .
She understands you now .
I don t remember anything about the incident .
Have you given Tom everything ?
You re a better skier than me .
This is very good soil .
Tom couldn t conceal his disappointment .
Did you borrow it ?
Popcorn is my favorite snack .
What were you and Tom doing yesterday ?
Tom stopped me from entering the bank .
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness .
Do you want to speak to Tom ?
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour .
Compared to our house yours is a mansion .
That elder died of hunger .
Tell me why you married her .
If you are me how can you do it ?
This was the turning point of his life .
This is a turning point in history .
Someone who doesn t understand you is not necessarily an idiot .
Don t speak to anyone .
Emily wants to go and see her father .
You ! Come over !
I want to eat squid this evening .
I am waiting for you to finish your homework .
I really love his sister .
Tom needs Mary s help .
She makes people feel like queens .
I like her black clothes .
The guards are sacred and inviolable .
We can find similar situations in these next few cases .
We can now say definitely that this hypothesis holds water .
I d like a room with a good view .
He s doing his best .
How far away is your school ?
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed .
That s too easy .
Tom didn t seem that happy .
I think about it often .
This car handles very easily .
She may be late in which case we will wait .
What ll you give Tom ?
Tom might ve missed the last train .
You two should get married .
Basketball is a lot of fun .
There s no sugar .
I want to keep moving .
Tom is a true man .
Did you meet Tom ?
Tom doesn t write to me anymore .
You re really a hard worker .
I m not sure Tom would help .
Does anyone here know where Tom lives ?
I should be happy .
Tom needs to be very careful .
An honest man never steals money .
She has plenty of books .
What s going on with Tom ?
There s nobody in the building now .
I ve heard this joke before .
See you tonight .
I went swimming in the river .
Have you traveled anywhere recently ?
What does everybody else think ?
Why don t we get out of here ?
What is it that Tom wants to eat ?
Tom says he doesn t know how to swim .
I don t want to cause any more trouble .
I think you understand me .
The Earth is our home .
Today is Earth day .
Love is never wrong .
We re having fun .
Thank you for drawing a bird for me .
I want to retire soon .
I think I m going to cry .
Tell me again .
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed .
Are you sure you don t want to sleep on it ?
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer ?
Tom lost his credibility .
It s a whole new ball game for me .
This is gibberish .
An apple fell to the ground .
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted .
It s been an amazing experience .
The boat was piloted safely into harbor .
There seem to be several reasons for his failure .
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow ?
Do you read French every day ?
Who was here ?
My older sister often drinks tea with milk .
I think you should eat a ham sandwich .
Tom helped me fix my watch .
They say that golf is very popular in Japan .
Nature is full of mysteries .
I was waiting for something to happen .
I don t want to play cards .
The problem s been solved .
I slept just two hours .
It s night .
Tom didn t understand what Mary really meant .
Who were you talking to ?
Tom seems to be completely lost .
The contract was signed .
I can t let you give me your last ten dollars .
He got down the book from the shelf .
Science is fun .
I work long hours .
Tom studies French as well .
I have no idea what to wear .
I feel we re going to get better .
I m really not happy about it .
Kill him .
Kill her .
Kill them .
Raise your leg .
Can you do that by yourself ?
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life .
I promise I ll do that tomorrow .
How many books are on the shelf ?
Did anybody ask you to come here ?
Could you say that one more time ?
He is my father .
He s my father .
He s my dad .
He is my dad .
This is my father .
This is my dad .
I think he isn t Chinese .
I think he is not Chinese .
Please wait one meter away .
Please stand one meter away .
I m looking forward to seeing you next week .
You didn t need to bring your umbrella .
Does anyone know Tom ?
Tom refused to answer any questions .
Millions were affected that day .
We haven t lost much .
Do you really believe that story ?
Tom never turned up again .
I wonder what will happen .
Are you coming next week ?
Tom didn t have a fever this morning .
Why did you cry so much ?
I had a neighbor who was blind .
I am your father .
That s not what I told Tom .
You ve arrived very early .
Where do you play tennis ?
I received a letter three months later .
He was not able to open the box .
Tom has been uncooperative .
Tom abandoned hope .
Tom wanted something else .
Industry was growing quickly .
I don t have a desk in my bedroom .
What time did you get to bed last night ?
Stay right here and relax .
I still don t think I m wrong .
I want the other one .
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth .
We haven t yet been told what we need to do .
How could things get worse ?
That was really boring .
Why don t you talk to him ?
Why did you stay at home yesterday ?
We can t escape .
This is kind of interesting .
You hate Tom don t you ?
Tom asked Mary to help .
Do you think I m stupid ?
You won t need it .
I couldn t stop myself from laughing .
I eat meat three times a week .
It s very uncomfortable .
I don t like my hair at all .
I can talk about anything with my best friend .
Tom is on his way here .
We re all hungry .
I m almost sure of it .
Tom hasn t finished yet .
The watch on the desk is mine .
I was so homesick .
Do you like shopping ?
Mary dyed her hair blue .
I was so cold .
They were so young .
Tom told Mary to help John .
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house ?
You re going to be a mommy .
My head is exploding .
These glasses are cool .
We surrender .
Tom will probably never be late again .
That s the reason I bought this book .
I even made Tom laugh .
They were frightened .
Tom said he needed money .
You ll be answering the phones .
I m the owner of this house .
I ve done everything necessary .
Who will you vote for for president ?
Were you a soldier ?
She introduced me to her father .
Let s assume that ll happen .
How long will the meeting last ?
To my knowledge she hasn t married yet .
Tom won t be here long .
I ve done bad things that I should be punished for .
I asked Tom to wait here .
Tom found out where Mary lives .
They always wake up early even on Sundays .
His influence extends all over the country .
Did you hear your name called ?
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave .
I don t want Tom seeing this .
Tom is an artist .
Tom probably wanted to go swimming .
They ll be grateful .
I d never done it before .
Tom seems to be prepared .
It was the only way to go .
Tom s life was changed forever .
I stayed home all day long reading novels .
Tom has spent the past three years in prison .
We had no secrets .
Tom knows it s over .
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday .
Everything depends upon your decision .
I don t lie .
We have to look after our parents .
What are they doing here ?
I am praying .
They re very close friends .
Tom didn t have enough time to eat lunch .
People like you shouldn t be here .
We re fighting against time .
You re really useless .
How will we protect ourselves ?
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill .
I m really cold .
Tom put some salt on his eggs .
There s nobody here .
I m on Tom s side .
Tom put down his paintbrush .
You know I have no choice don t you ?
Where is Manila ?
You ll love it .
Tom doesn t have a driver s license .
I can t get my tractor started .
My son believes in Santa Claus .
Tom is quite likely to be late .
Tom is careful isn t he ?
I ve been here for a very long time .
You should have stayed in the car .
He is going to drive you to the airport .
This is going to be a great trip .
I tried to smile .
I want you to take a break .
Tom is a very generous man .
We forgive you .
I lost my ticket . What should I do ?
Tom has never been willing to help us before .
That coat may have cost a lot of money but it s worth it .
I stayed up all night again .
I had another all nighter .
One morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas .
Layla is five now .
She is evidently sick .
I d like to see him tomorrow afternoon .
I will make it clear that I won t come again .
Do you have a house in Italy ?
She is not always happy .
I was totally confused .
It doesn t really matter .
You may have been the last person to see Tom .
Tom has been lying all along .
Much of what they wrote about never happened .
You said you had important news .
He solved the difficult problem .
Come again next week .
How many people know about us ?
Food shouldn t be wasted .
We re still nervous .
It sounds like a good idea .
The dog followed its master wagging its tail .
Tom also talked .
Trees are plants .
You did what was necessary .
Why is change so hard ?
He has done it before .
I ve already been punished .
I can t blame Tom for not waiting .
The little boy is afraid of the dark .
You have no right to do that .
He joined the Army during the war .
Tom was the one that told us about the problem .
I ve been cheated before .
Your opinion matters .
We ll stay quiet .
The children are afraid of Tom .
I ve been on vacation .
Are you dating anybody ?
Did you have a good time last night ?
They re still in Boston .
I know a little Spanish .
True love never grows old .
This article is nonsense .
Shouldn t you still be in bed ?
You can shut up now .
I approved it .
Do you think Tom will show up ?
They refused .
Tom asked Mary to stop the car .
I don t want to spoil the ending for you .
Tom wants to know what we re doing here .
Are you sad ?
Tom is crying too .
It s your favorite song .
We know that this is impossible .
He described the incident in detail .
How about a sandwich ?
You have a wonderful voice .
They can t hear me either .
Don t do this to me again .
I saw Tom almost every day last week .
I made a bet that she would win the game .
I won t know until I talk to Tom .
How can you afford a place like this ?
Tom always makes me laugh .
What are you girls doing ?
Check your dictionary .
I ll finish reading this book .
What s the difference between an eagle owl and a barn owl ?
She put two pairs of sheer tights in the suitcase .
Tom s name was on the list .
I like potatoes .
I thought Tom would never shut up .
I m not really prepared .
Tom has a plan .
I need you here .
I warned you not to come here .
Do you still want to give me a hug ?
How was the interview ?
As soon as he sat down he picked up the telephone .
He was in good spirits .
Tom sent me there .
Tom works at home .
Tom finished college last year .
I think you should do that before you go home today .
Many of Europe s metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon .
Let s patch up our argument .
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother s womb to be born !
One more effort you will get on in life .
She whispered something to him .
Mary got the nod from among some applicants .
First came the Celts in B .C .
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion .
I think Tom is optimistic .
It s not hard to understand .
I have to stay home .
Who was playing ?
That s a lot of cash .
Now what do you want me to do ?
The police seem to know exactly where we are .
Add a tiny pinch of salt .
It was really special .
I watch television in the evening .
I can t predict what ll happen .
I didn t even consider that .
Doing that won t take long .
I d like to go with Tom .
Tom has no plans to go anywhere .
All I really want to do is talk to Tom .
We can t keep this a secret forever .
That s an exception .
We can t afford to make mistakes .
I think we ve found what we were looking for .
Tom always seems to be working .
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle .
We had a great relationship .
We ve had a most delightful day .
I want to become a singer .
Tom is going to be proud of you .
I was just trying to protect you .
It ll be cloudy .
There used to be an old temple here .
I d like you to come back next week .
How many things did you buy ?
I ll be on duty this Sunday .
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible .
In addition she has an artistic flair .
Can I have a free ride please ? My wallet was stolen .
He was born in a palace that isn t there any more .
Layla cast a spell over everybody she met .
That was points .
No words can relieve her deep sorrow .
Everyone is waiting for Tom .
I didn t even know Tom had left .
I d wear a helmet .
You live in Boston now don t you ?
Who else knows about it ?
I want you to be prepared .
I think we should change the topic .
We re ready for the next step .
Are you absolutely certain about this ?
It s very kind of you to help me .
I can t ask Tom right now .
I ve met so many new people .
I feel weak .
I ve done a lot this week .
Let me explain it to Tom .
You owe me something .
Who would want to live here ?
I was certain that you d come .
They re trying to control you .
We know the identity of Tom s killer .
Let s go indoors .
She is the one who feeds our dog .
Do you think Tom will let us do that ?
Tom is a little worried .
Do you think it s a trap ?
I ll be able to assist you .
Bring the key .
You ll understand someday .
I m sorry . I got the wrong number .
Tom went out for a walk with his dog .
Tom let Mary go home .
Tom looked Mary in the eye .
Tom is about to fall asleep .
She s practicing English so she can get a better job .
She didn t think so .
Is he still interested ?
Are you going to come back ?
What do you think I want ?
Tom didn t know what Mary was talking about .
Tom is very confident isn t he ?
I really liked the gift you gave me .
Tom sat at his desk working .
I could see that .
Tom s bicycle was stolen yesterday .
I think we shouldn t let Tom do that again .
I think it s a really good thing .
For the sake of living things please do not play around with the water .
Preserve life please don t waste water .
Tom was ready to work .
No leaping over .
One step forward is a step forward for civilization .
One step forward is a step towards civility .
Watch your step .
Watch out for the drop .
Everything depends on it .
We just wanted to win .
It is everyone s duty to cherish cultural relics .
Cherish our cultural relics it is all our duty .
When did you buy it ?
Now who s going to help you ?